Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2830, Dominating

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Although Yeow was indeed a Mid-Rank Shaman Grandmaster and only a Minor Realm higher than himself and Zhu, the former’s strength was much greater than what Chi had expected. He and Zhu had joined hands, yet still could not get the upper hand against Yeow.

Yeow’s Shaman Artifact was a bottle gourd that was capable of releasing a Blood Sea, one that was highly corrosive, and because Chi and Zhu fell into the Blood Sea, they could only unleash eighty percent of their strength.

Otherwise, things would not have become so difficult.

It was obvious that Yeow was planning to take them out separately. He bound Zhu with the power of Blood Sea, then focused on attacking Chi. It was just a while since the battle started, but Chi had already been forced into a perilous situation. If Yeow had not stepped back just now, Chi would have been seriously injured, if not dead.

[Why did he retreat?] Chi did not understand why, and was not sure if it was one of Yeow’s tactics, so he immediately retreated to Zhu and watched carefully.

But soon, he understood the reason why Yeow retreated.

Because a sensational and exceedingly sharp aura suddenly pierced all of them from the bottom of the Blood Sea. Although the aura was not targeting him, Chi’s Soul was still shaken.

Perhaps, Yeow would not feel any better facing this aura.

Indeed, he was right. Yeow, who had been acting at ease all this while, suddenly seemed to have encountered his natural enemy. He looked notably nervous, and his mouth moved unceasingly to chant more incantations. The Blood Sea rolled up as waves converged at one point then transformed into a whirlpool. A terrifying power that could collapse mountains and split the sea was transmitted from the bloody whirlpool.

Chi drew a chilled breath, his eyes full of terror.

It was not because of Yeow’s great strength; after all, he was just a Mid-Rank Shaman Grandmaster who was a Minor Realm higher than him, so how strong could he be? However, Yeow’s true advantage lay in his Shaman Artifact, the Blood Bottle Gourd.

It was definitely not a Shaman Artifact that a Shaman Grandmaster could easily obtain!

It should be a Shaman Artifact granted by a Shaman King or Shaman Saint. Chi’s heart sank as he thought of this possibility.

Before he could think of anything else, the sharp aura had collided with the Blood Sea, the impact creating a violent rumble. Numerous Sword Qi blades emerged out of thin air and swam within the Blood Sea, shredding a large portion of it into mist.

Chi’s eyes brightened as even though he had no idea where the strong aid came from and was flabbergasted by its power, he knew that it was the best timing for him to fight back. He exchanged a glance with Zhu, communicating with her silently.

The pair immediately began chanting their incantations, the Shaman Artifacts in their hands shining brightly as they charged forward to attack Yeow head-on.

The Blood Sea shook and formed a wall with its waves, guarding Yeow’s front, neutralizing the attacks of the two Shaman Grandmasters. Not only that, but their Shaman Artifacts were also damaged by the Blood Sea and lost a lot of their spirituality, which devastated the pair.

However, their actions more or less restrained Yeow, resulting in him being less able to resist the power of the sword aura.

The bloody whirlpool abruptly became disordered and scattered and a sword light surfaced out from the whirlpool together with its wielder who immediately slashed towards Yeow.

“Hou!” Yeow was not surprised by this development and lifted his hand as he bellowed, condensing arrows of blood that he sent flying towards the approaching sword.

*Chi chi chi chi… *

The arrow rain hindered the progression of the sword light, and gradually dimmed it as it was contaminated by the putrid blood light, revealing a person behind it. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Following a cold snort, Yang Kai landed on the Blood Sea and looked at his surrounding environment in surprise.

“It’s you!” Chi looked at Yang Kai in shock. He could not believe that the sudden strong aid was actually the Shaman Master of the South Barbarian Clan.

But was he really a Shaman Master? How could he be so strong?

Even Zhu’s eyes bulged as she obviously could not believe what she was seeing.

“A Shaman Master?” Yeow frowned. He thought that the intruder should be at least a High-Rank Shaman Grandmaster; however, when he examined Yang Kai clearly, he found that his opponent was still just a Shaman Master. But soon, Yeow showed an enlightened face and stopped his eyes at the Myriads Sword.

He noticed that the main reason why this Shaman Master could unleash far more power than he should be able to was because of this sword, which was definitely a Shaman Artifact that could not be ignored by even a Shaman King or Shaman Saint.

After realizing it, Yeow could not help cackling. The most powerful use of his Blood Sea was to corrode Shaman Artifacts, so no matter how powerful the Shaman Artifact was, it would lose a great deal of its spirituality if it was even stained with a little blood.

It was unwise to rely on the power of a Shaman Artifact to fight him.

As long as he could corrode the spirituality of this sword, he could do whatever he wanted in the Blood Sea, and it did not matter if there were two or three enemies to him.

But in the next moment, Yeow trembled and looked in front of him in horror.

Because Yang Kai just waved the Myriad Sword slightly and the blood on it vanished. The bright sword reappeared, and there was not the slightest corrosion that could be noticed.

[How is this possible!?]

Just when he was stunned, Yang Kai turned into a streak of light and charged at Yeow again.

“Be careful!” Chi was appalled. Although he was astonished by Yang Kai’s previous amazing move, he was still just a Shaman Master. How could he end well if he rushed towards the enemy so rashly?

Yeow burst into laughter as he stared at Yang Kai as if he were a dead man. As soon as he raised his hand, the Blood Sea separated and covered Yang Kai like a tsunami, causing the latter to vanish instantly under its crimson waves.

Jaw dropped, Chi revealed a furious expression, secretly cursing this South Barbarian Clan Shaman Master for not being able to achieve anything. Yeow’s Blood Sea was hard enough to deal with in the first place, but now that Yeow had melted down this Shaman Master to supplement his own strength, perhaps he would become even more powerful. If that happened, Chi and Zhu had no chance of winning.

[Retreat now!] Such thoughts came to his mind as there was still a possibility that they could survive if they escaped; otherwise, if Yeow managed to change his focus back to them, he and Zhu would not be able to leave even if they wanted to. As for his people, he could not care much about them now and just hoped that as many of them could escape as possible.

Although he considered it, Chi did not make a move because he saw something wrong with Yeow’s expression.

Logically, Yeow should be delighted to get rid of a strong enemy; however, he did not look happy at all. Instead, he looked a little shocked.

[Is there something wrong?]

Before he could finish his thought, a figure broke out from the Blood Sea. His animal skin clothes were entirely corroded, revealing a comparably small and weak Barbarian physique. Nevertheless, his seemingly small and weak body was unscathed and he swiftly arrived in front of Yeow like a gust of wind, lifted the huge sword high, and slashed down furiously.

Yeow was terrified of the sword as, although he was aware that it was only a simple slash, he could not dodge it no matter how much he tried, as if he had been locked in the spot.

He spewed out his Blood Essence in a hurry, and forcibly tried to retreat.

Chi…

Following a light slicing sound, Yeow’s left arm was severed and fell into the Blood Sea, turning into pus in the blink of an eye, agitating the Blood Sea to tremble more and more violently.

“You…” Dumbstruck, Yeow took a few steps back and looked at Yang Kai in horror as he covered the wound of his severed arm.

He had no idea how his opponent survived being engulfed by his Blood Sea, even emerging shortly after being drowned in the corrosive red liquid to cut off his arm.

Just as Yeow spoke, a cold face suddenly appeared in front of him, so close that they nearly bumped into each other.

Yeow was frightened out of his wits and hurriedly retreated, forming a bloody whirlpool beneath his feet with a single thought that he fell directly into, trying to hide himself.

At that moment though, his opponent’s right eye suddenly turned into a golden light, and a single majestic, heart palpitating, vertical pupil abruptly appeared. There was a mystical power in this pupil, which seemed to be tugging at his very Soul, making Yeow feel extremely uneasy.

That moment of distraction delayed Yeow’s escape.

Yang Kai slashed up with his Myriads Sword, and Yeow’s right arm flew off.

Yeow let out a scream as the severe pain shocked him back to his senses. He dared not hesitate anymore and quickly vanished into the Blood Sea.

Yang Kai shook his head and looked exasperated.

He could not unleash his full strength here due to the different World Principles of this ancient era and the suppression of this Sealed World. He already felt exhausted using his Demon Eye of Annihilation only once. However, since Yeow suffered serious injuries, with both arms being severed, he probably dared not to show up in front of Yang Kai again.

The vast Blood Sea trembled as a dumbfounded Chi and Zhu stood in place and gawked at Yang Kai.

[Was what I saw just now… real?] Both of them suspected something was wrong with their eyes.

A Shaman Master swung his sword twice and actually successfully cut off both of Yeow’s arms? On the other hand, Yeow did not seem to have the intention to dodge at all and took the slashes like a fool.

The two did not understand what happened in the battle even though they were Shaman Grandmasters.

However, it was still too early to celebrate their victory. Although Yeow was severely injured, he managed to hide inside the Blood Sea, and he could move freely inside of it. No one knew when he would ambush them.

Just as these thoughts fleeted through their minds, Yang Kai suddenly turned to both of them, and his cold eyes made Chi and Zhu’s hearts clench.

The next moment, a shocking scene was revealed in front of their eyes. Shaman Niu raised his hand and a pitch-black, blade-like attack strangely appeared, slashing towards them with a dreadful, deadly aura.

The pair had no doubt that they would die immediately if they took such a blow directly.

“What are you doing?” Zhu shouted furiously. At that moment, she thought that this Shaman Niu attacked his own side because his consciousness was polluted by the Blood Sea.

While speaking, she and Chi cast a Shield Spell together in front of themselves.

But the dark blade sliced through their Shield Spell without even slowing and struck towards their heads.

A chill was sent down the spines of the two Shaman Grandmasters as the aura of death surrounded them and actually made their minds go blank.

The next moment, a terrible scream came up from behind them.

It was Yeow’s voice!

Chi and Zhu were appalled. They did not have time to think about why they were still alive and intact as they hurriedly turned around and saw Yeow, who was filled with resentment and panic. His right leg was cut off for some reason as he quickly hid back into the Blood Sea, disappearing again.

“He was targeting you,” Yang Kai shouted, “Be careful!”

Chi and Zhu were ashamed when they heard this rebuke.