Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2831, The Sun Rises In the Morning

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The three stood still in the Blood Sea.

Yang Kai spread his Divine Sense to his surroundings while his lightning sharp eyes darted around in search of Yeow. Chi and Zhu dared not to let down their guard either as they stood back-to-back to protect themselves from another ambush.

The Blood Sea was no longer trembling, but had calmed down into a tranquil state.

However, everyone knew that Yeow had not escaped and was still there.

It was not that he did not want to escape, but rather that he couldn’t. Once he emerged from the Blood Sea, the peculiar and powerful Shaman Niu would not let him go. After witnessing Shaman Niu’s skills, Chi and Zhu no longer treated him as a mere Shaman Master; after all, he was the person who could cut off Yeow’s limbs and force him into a completely passive position with just a few moves.

“Do you think I won’t be able to do anything to you if you keep hiding?” Yang Kai suddenly voiced out with ridicule and disdain, “Today, this Shaman will make you pay with your life!”

When those words fell, Yang Kai suddenly reached out and summoned a longan sized bead.

The bead looked ordinary, but when it was activated by Yang Kai, a black vortex with an irresistible suction force suddenly formed from it.

The Blood Sea that filled the whole sky rushed into the vortex.

Chi and Zhu’s eyes lit up, silently thrilled.

Given the situation now, Yeow dared not to reveal himself and was counting on his Blood Sea to hide. The two of them had no effective way to catch him, so they were afraid that they would let Yeow get away if the situation persisted.

After all, they could not stay in this Blood Sea for the rest of their lives.

But now, when they saw the power of Shaman Niu’s Shaman Artifact, it seemed that things had once again turned in their favour.

As long as the Blood Sea was completely removed, there would be no place for Yeow to hide. The only question now was whether the unremarkable-looking bead could absorb such a vast Blood Sea.

Of course, the answer was yes!

The Sealed World Bead was a whole world of its own, so although Yeow’s Blood Sea was not small, it was nothing compared to the Sealed World Bead. It would be completely devoured sooner or later.

As Chi and Zhu watched nervously, the Blood Sea that shrouded the whole sky visibly decreased and shrunk while the suction power bead did not weaken at all, the huge vortex continually drawing in the Blood Sea.

Within a stick of incense worth of time, the Blood Sea had shrunk to half its original size.

At this time, Yeow, who was hiding in the Blood Sea to heal his wounds, could no longer sit back and do nothing. Eighty percent of his strength was based on this Blood Sea, and without it, he definitely would not be able to fight back.

The calm Blood Sea suddenly trembled again and under a vicious roiling, a figure swam towards Chi and Zhu, moving so silently and secretly that even the vigilant Chi and Zhu did not notice him.

Following a sound of a crash, Yeow abruptly appeared in front of Zhu like a bolt of lightning falling from the Heavens, a ferocious grin on his face. His arms and leg that were previously cut off by Yang Kai were somehow recovered with notably fair and tender newborn skin, though they were not as muscular as before.

In fright, Zhu quickly performed a hand seal and a Shield Spell lit up immediately.

At the same time, a wind blade slashed towards Yeow in an attempt to force him to retreat.

The Blood Sea surged, and a wall of blood formed in front of Yeow, serving as a blockade against the wind blade. The blood wall collapsed, but Yeow was not there anymore.

Zhu noticed that her Shamanic Spell Shield was broken and was scared out of her wits, feeling chills all over her body.

At that moment, a figure suddenly appeared in front of her, and although it was not tall and in fact, seemed quite scrawny and weak, it gave her an illusion of formidability.

[Shaman Niu!]

Yang Kai stretched out his hand and grabbed something. It seemed that he had caught something in the sky covering blood fog, and after a grunt, Yeow’s figure reappeared. However, his neck was now grasped by Yang Kai, like a helpless chicken.

Zhu gasped for breath as lingering fear could be seen on her face.

Everything happened so fast that she could not react at all. If this Shaman Niu had not come out at the critical moment and accurately caught Yeow, who was hidden in the blood fog, perhaps she would have been killed.

[How did he do that?] Zhu’s mind was blank, but she also wondered if this was the right time to think about such a thing. Now that Yeow was captured, given all the skills and strength that this Shaman Niu had displayed previously, Yeow would not be able to do anything, and it could be said that they had already won the battle.

Just when she began to feel relieved, she suddenly saw Yeow revealing a weird grin and asking in an aloof manner, “Do you think you’ve caught me?”

Zhu was confused, and she instinctively felt something was wrong, but she was unsure what it was.

“Do you think you’ve succeeded?” Yang Kai sneered as he asked back.

Yeow who had a victorious grin on his face suddenly showed a look of shock, and before he could say anything, Yang Kai tightened his grip, and snapped his neck.

*Hualala… *

Yeow’s broken body abruptly dissolved into blood, and returned to the Blood Sea.

“A Blood Soul Clone!” Chi and Zhu were appalled.

[If what Shaman Niu caught was Yeow’s Blood Soul Clone, where is the real Yeow now?] A realization dawned on both of them, and they turned around simultaneously. They saw that above the Blood Sea, Yeow had already reappeared in front of the bead that was continuing to draw in the crimson liquid. He reached out to grab the bead, obviously trying to snatch this Shaman Artifact.

This was undoubtedly a wise move.

Yeow’s strength was established on the foundation of the Blood Sea, so now that Shaman Niu had a Shaman Artifact that could counter his Blood Sea, and given that Shaman Niu was already unreasonably strong, Chi and Zhu would do the same if they were Yeow, which was to find a way to snatch away the Shaman Artifact first. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Without the Shaman Artifact that could counter his Blood Sea, Yeow would be invincible.

Previously, the Blood Soul Clone that he used to ambush Zhu was just a distraction to lure Shaman Niu away from the Shaman Artifact.

The facts proved that Yeow’s tactic was quite effective as Shaman Niu’s attention on the Shaman Artifact was indeed redirected, and the unguarded Shaman Artifact was now grabbed by Yeow.

At this moment, Yeow should have been ecstatic, but… He instead showed a deep fear on his face.

His hand that was holding the Shaman Artifact shook violently, as if it was struck by lightning.

“Fool!” Yang Kai sneered as he casually walked over towards Yeow on top of the Blood Sea.

Yeow was panic stricken seeing Yang Kai approach and madly surged the Shaman Strength of his whole body, but he still could not free himself from the suction of the Sealed World Bead.

He thought that everything would be fine after snatching the Sealed World Bead, but he had no clue that Yang Kai’s very Soul was connected to it, allowing him to control the Sealed World Bead with just a single thought.

Shaman Artifacts were very different from modern artifacts. If the Sealed World Bead was really a Shaman Artifact, Yeow would have succeeded in snatching it; however, the Sealed World Bead was a world unto itself, so how could Yeow seize an entire world with his measly strength without first refining it?

Even if it was a Shaman King or a Shaman Saint, they would not be able to pick it up either.

Instead, he was locked in place by the suction force from the Sealed World Bead.

Seeing that Yang Kai was approaching closer and closer, Yeow started to look flustered. Previously, there were not many changes with his expression even when his two arms and leg were cut off. But right now, he felt true despair.

Not begging for mercy or showing any sign of cowardice, Yeow looked at Yang Kai coldly and grinned, “The Bone Devouring Clan will not let you go!”

When the words fell, he put on a resolute face and the Shaman Strength of his whole body began rampaging.

Yang Kai frowned, and stopped his movement.

The next moment, Yeow’s body exploded with a loud bang, spraying blood all over the sky which then rained down on the ground, dying it red.

Yeow chose to self-destruct in his desperate situation, which demonstrated his strength of will.

However, most Ancient Barbarians were like him. It was very rare for them to choose to die a lingering death under the situation of certain death.

The Blood Sea disappeared, and the sky became clear again. At that moment, the sun had risen and dawn had come to the world, though a chill still permeated the air.

The battle below was continuing. There were seven to eight hundred people from the stone fortress of the Bone Devouring Clan, while even though only three hundred people of Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan came here, they had some advantage in numbers after the addition of the prisoners Yang Kai freed earlier.

The only downside was that they had fewer Shamans than their opponents. There were only seven to eight Shamans from the three Clans, but the Bone Devouring Clan had twenty of them.

Therefore, the war remained an earth-shaking contest. Both sides were almost equal in strength, and more and more Barbarians were killed on the battlefield.

However, the balanced situation tilted the moment Yeow died.

When the Blood Sea that covered the whole sky vanished, everyone looked up to check the result of that fight. In a sense, the results of that battle were basically the final outcome for their current skirmish.

Seeing three figures standing up in the sky, the Clansmen of three Clans cheered wildly, while the faces of the Bone Devouring Clansmen went ashen.

“Kill!” Following a roar, the three Barbarian Clans launched a final assault. The Bone Devouring Clan that lost Yeow was no longer qualified to compete with the three Clans, and due to their loss of morale, the balance was broken in an instant.

Without saying a word, Zhu and Chi flew down and crashed through the battlefield with their powerful Shamanic Spells. Whenever they raised and waved their hands, enemies would die. The twenty or so Shamans of Bone Devouring Clan were all killed after less than ten breaths of time.

Without the support of their own Shamans, the combat power of the Bone Devouring Clan warriors was greatly reduced, and they were soon slaughtered.

It was a one-sided massacre in the later stage of the fight. Nevertheless, no one showed mercy, because the enemies in front of them were the Bone Devouring Clan! They were the scourge of the Barbarian Race, a Clan that should have been eliminated long ago.

The battle lasted for half a day, and when everything was over, the stone fortress was filled with blood and corpses while every last Bone Devouring Clansman was killed.

The clansmen of three Clans began to inspect the battlefield once the dust settled and gave the Bone Devouring Clansmen, whether dead or alive, a final strike to ensure their death.

Then, they began to gather the bodies of their clansmen.

As night fell, a simple ceremony was held outside the stone fortress where the dead from all three Clans were stacked together and cremated by Chi.

The Ancient Barbarian Race believed that after the death of a clansman, the hot flames could return them to the embrace of the Barbarian Gods.