Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2832, One Month

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After taking a whole night to clean out the stone fortress, the three Clans were ready to leave. Although almost everyone was injured and some even needed to be carried due to the loss of their limbs, everyone was delighted.

It was a great achievement to save their people from the hands of the Bone Devouring Clan.

Not far away, Chi, Zhu, and Yang Kai were whispering while taking a walk.

“Shaman Niu, you have to be careful of the Bone Devouring Clan trying to take revenge!” Zhu reminded solemnly, “The Bone Devouring Clan seeks vengeance for even the slightest grievance, so they definitely won’t sit back and do nothing after we wiped out one of their subordinate clans.”

Chi nodded, “You should find time to meet the Shaman Kings of your Clan. It would be better for them to handle this situation; after all, it was the Bone Devouring Clan who started this. With the intervention of a Shaman King, perhaps this matter can be settled.”

“It’s not going to be so easy,” Yang Kai shook his head. “Didn’t you notice that Yeow’s Shaman Artifact was not something that a Shaman Grandmaster could easily possess?”

Zhu and Chi’s face changed slightly at his words as they had obviously also realized this.

Yang Kai continued, “To have such a Shaman Artifact means Yeow’s background is not simple. He’s either the descendant of a Shaman King or the Shaman Saint of the Bone Devouring Clan. Either that, or he is highly valued by those Shaman Kings and Shaman Saint. We have caused great trouble by killing him, and it may not be resolved easily by the intervention of a Shaman King.”

Zhu replied, “But no matter what, we will stand a better chance with the intervention of the Shaman Kings. We can’t fight an enemy Shaman King alone with our current strength.”

Yang Kai smiled lightly and said nothing.

He was a Shaman Master now, and it was true that he might be no match for a Shaman King; however, with access to his Divine Sense, he could actually use Space Principles, so he was not afraid of facing a Shaman King.

Furthermore, as long as he was given enough time, his strength would definitely soar.

On the other hand, Zhu and Chi had no power to fight back if they were confronted by a Shaman King from the Bone Devouring Clan, so it was reasonable that they wanted to seek the protection of the Shaman Kings of their own Clans.

The three walked and talked all the way, and although Chi and Zhu’s cultivation was much higher than Yang Kai’s, they dared not underestimate him anymore after the bloody battle yesterday.

They were not capable of forcing a Mid-Rank Shaman Grandmaster to self-destruct.

As such, they took the initiative to lower their status and had an equal exchange with Yang Kai.

Half a day later, the three Clans parted ways, and Yang Kai led the two hundred surviving villagers back to Blue South Village.

Blue South Village originally had three hundred villagers, but after this incident, a third of their people had been lost, and as the only Shaman left in the village, Yang Kai naturally became its new Chief.

Three days later, Yang Kai and the two hundred people arrived at Blue South Village. Seeing the village full of ruins, many villagers were somewhat dejected.

At the entrance of the village, Tiea suddenly appeared, looked at Yang Kai, and nodded at him.

Eight children came out from behind Tiea and ran to their parents respectively, hugging them as both sides cried loudly.

The villagers were surprised to see Tiea, a stranger here, but fortunately, the villagers had little contact with the outside world and were unfamiliar with the Nomad Clan, so they were just a little curious about her. Tiea’s physique was somewhat similar to that of Ah Niu’s, which was not as burly as that of ordinary Ancient Barbarians, so that actually made the villagers have a friendly impression of her.

Yang Kai briefly introduced Tiea, stating that she was his friend, to the villagers. Immediately, she was warmly welcomed by the clansmen.

Since the village was destroyed, it naturally needed to be rebuilt. Fortunately, the villagers were all tall and sturdy, so the task was simple.

The reconstruction took less than five days, and the dilapidated village returned to its former appearance.

Once restoration work was completed, Yang Kai sat cross-legged in a wooden house and checked the contents of his Space Ring for a while, eventually taking out a Ninth-Order Monster Core.

If it was before, Yang Kai would not have paid any attention to the Monster Core of a Ninth-Order Monster Beast. Back then, Yang Kai only picked up Ninth-Order and above Monster Cores while collecting them in the Ten Thousand Spirits Tomb of the Ancient Wild Lands. He did not keep any Monster Cores that were lower than Ninth Order, otherwise, he would have several million of them rather than just one million.

Nevertheless, this Ninth-Order Monster Core might still be too potent for him now.

The Monster Beast Cores that Yang Kai used for cultivating before were nothing special, the highest grade one only being equivalent to that of a Sixth-Order Monster Beast’s Core. At the moment, this Ninth-Order Monster Core was just like a table of delicacies compared to the cabbage soup which Yang Kai used to eat, but he wondered if he could stomach it.

However, at this point, Yang Kai could not afford to hesitate. His physique was currently in good condition, so even if the energy of the Ninth-Order Monster Core would burden him, it shouldn’t hurt too much.

Yang Kai opened his mouth and swallowed the Monster Core, then immediately circulated his Shaman Art.

This Shaman Art was not the one taught by the Village Chief, but the one received from Senior Qing’s knowledge. It was a brilliant Shaman Art that was completely incomparable with the one taught by the Village Chief.

As the Shaman Art circulated, Yang Kai immediately felt a difference.

After all, he was an Emperor Realm Master and was naturally able to figure out the quality of a Secret Art with just a try. This Shaman Art was indeed amazing, boosting Yang Kai’s rate of cultivation more than ten times compared to before.

The most important thing was that he had ingested a Ninth-Order Monster Core.

A burning sensation filled his stomach, like a burning flame. When the surging energy shrunk and expanded again, Yang Kai’s belly inflated into a round swell in an instant. If his physique had not been strong enough, these changes alone would be enough to make him explode and die.

His face turned red, and veins surfaced on his forehead. Blood flowed out of Yang Kai’s nostrils from the overwhelming energy, but he remained as motionless as a mountain, focusing his mind on refining this wild energy with his Shaman Art.

His breathing was like the waves in the sea, the wooden house shook, and the surrounding World Energy trembled, frightening the villagers, who were utterly clueless about what was happening.

On the other hand, Tiea, who was teaching the children about the cultivating methods nearby, noticed some clues and stopped Ah Hu and the others from rushing into the wooden house.

Tiea had integrated into the village very quickly and helped a lot in the five-day reconstruction. For the villagers of Blue South Village, she was already a member of the village, and everyone knew that she was a powerful Shaman like Ah Niu.

Naturally, everyone listened to her.

This bizarre phenomenon persisted for a whole day before the activity in Yang Kai’s wooden house gradually subsided.

Inside the wooden house, Yang Kai’s round belly became flat again. The Ninth-Order Monster Core was refined by his Shaman Art, fused into his physique, and turned into his own powerful capital.

His cultivation was greatly improved all at once.

Without hesitation, Yang Kai took out another Ninth-Order Monster Core and swallowed it.

Once again, the torrent of wind and energy fluctuations that shocked the villagers repeated in the shaking wooden house.

…..

A month passed, and over that time, almost all the villagers in Blue South Village had gotten used to all kinds of abnormal activities in Ah Niu’s wooden house. They had changed from the initial curiosity to the present calm because they had experienced this abnormality countless times.

In the beginning, this kind of activity only happened once a day before gradually subsiding. However, this strange phenomenon became more and more frequent as time passed, and it subsided more and more quickly.

Tiea explained that Ah Niu was cultivating.

The villagers knew nothing about Shaman Arts and Shamanic Spells, but they felt that this cultivation was different from that of their previous Village Chief. The Village Chief had cultivated before, but there was never such an alarming display. However, they just listened to Tiea since she said so.

Ah Niu didn’t show himself this entire month. The villagers worried that he would starve to death in his house, but Tiea had stopped Ah Ni and the others from delivering food several times, causing Ah Ni to gain a little grudge against her.

However, if one wanted to point fingers, it was Ah Niu who was irresponsible for acting like this. Back then, when the Village Chief led everyone, he would guide everyone in every detail. Nevertheless, when Ah Niu became the new leader of the village, other than helping them in the five-day reconstruction, he just disappeared for the rest of the time.

Ah Hu and the others could only act according to the circumstances. If they faced some obstacles, they would approach Tiea, and although she did not have much experience, she could still manage the affairs of the village pretty well, which helped the villagers a lot.

For now, even though Tiea’s prestige was not as high as Yang Kai’s in the village, it was only slightly inferior.

On this day, the peaceful village was suddenly alarmed by a sharp whistle.

The villagers rushed out of their wooden houses one after another. Ah Hu and the other youngsters looked solemn, ready to fight at any time because the whistle coming from the wall was a warning alarm.

This noise represented that an outsider had come to the village. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“What’s the matter!?” Ah Hu ran up to the wall, and looked at the archer that was on guard duty.

“A Shaman Grandmaster has come!” The archer pointed forward, and Ah Hu looked in that direction. Sure enough, he saw a man flying their way from the sky.

A Shaman Grandmaster! A notably powerful Shaman Grandmaster!

Only Shaman Masters and those that were stronger could fly freely through the sky like birds.

Ah Hu’s face suddenly darkened.

“He’s injured!” Tiea’s voice suddenly came from the side. Ah Hu had no idea when she arrived, but after knowing her for a month, Ah Hu and the others understood that Tiea was also an outstanding Shaman Grandmaster.

Since she said it, it must be so.

“Injured?” Ah Hu frowned. When he looked again, he indeed realized it too. The Shaman Grandmaster who was flying over was unsteady and trembling. As he was approaching, Ah Hu could vaguely see traces of blood on him.

The Shaman Grandmaster really was injured.

“It’s the person from the Raging Flame Clan.” Tiea remarked.

“Shaman Chi!” Ah Hu finally saw his face, and could not help exclaiming.

It was none other than Shaman Chi of the Raging Flame Clan. They met in the stone fortress of the Bone Devouring Clan a month ago. As far as Ah Hu knew, Shaman Chi was a Shaman Grandmaster, so who could possibly injure him? Looking at his appearance at the moment, it was obvious that he was in a bad condition. He had lost his right arm, and blood was spurting from the wound, staining half of his body red.

From the wound, it seemed that it was not caused by a sharp weapon, but was… torn off by brute force.

Thinking of this, Ah Hu felt a chill down his spine.