Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2833, The Arrival of a Shaman King

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Who could face an enemy capable of tearing off the arms of a Shaman Grandmaster?

In an instant, Ah Hu made the only decision he could, “Get Ah Niu here!”

He froze as soon as he spoke though, because he discovered that Ah Niu had already appeared behind him, floating mid-air, looking ahead coldly.

Chi, who sped over from the distance, also detected Yang Kai’s presence, and while there was a touch of pleasant surprise on his face, he suddenly came to a halt. His eyes widened, and his face was filled with horror as he trembled violently, unable to move at all, as if he was squeezed tightly by a huge invisible hand.

His face turned blue then purple as he grit his teeth and roared, “Quick… Run!”

As soon as those words left his lips, his body suddenly expanded and the crude animal skin clothes on his body were torn apart, exposing the skin underneath that had become transparent, revealing the blood vessels inside.

*Chiii… * RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

His skin reached its limits soon and Chi’s whole body erupted into a cloud of blood, without any remaining flesh and bones!

“Ah!”

Many villagers in Blue South Village were taken aback, unable to understand what was going on, all of them taking a few steps back in shock over Chi’s miserable fate.

When they looked over at the location of the tragic incident again, a burly figure appeared. This man was clad in a heroic attire, and on his waist hung a few uneven-sized skulls, each of them exuding a chilling aura that enveloped the entire Blue South Village.

The strange man was holding something in his hand, all the while looking at Yang Kai with a grin while he gnawed at the food in his other hand.

“The Bone Devouring Clan!” Ah Hu muttered as he identified the man from the unique patterns on his face.

It was well known that the Bone Devouring Clan would seek revenge for the slightest grievance, so when Ah Niu and the other two clans cleared out a small fortress of the Bone Devouring Clan, Ah Hu was already a little worried that the Bone Devouring Clan would retaliate. He was planning to suggest to Ah Niu about migrating the clan, but he could not because Ah Niu had closed himself inside his house.

It seemed that his predictions were right; the Bone Devouring Clan had really come to retaliate.

And the strength of this person was absolutely terrifying. After all, even the Shaman Grandmaster Chi was killed by him. Would Ah Niu stand a chance against such a foe?

The villagers nearby who heard Ah Hu were shocked. They had a deep experience of the horror of the Bone Devouring Clan and as they took a clear look of the object the Bone Devouring Clan Shaman was holding, the blood drained from their faces.

It was a calf belonging to a child definitely not more than five years old, its skin soft and tender. Tearing off a large piece of flesh with each bite, the Bone Devouring Clan’s Shaman chewed on the meat with relish, his appearance turning more and more ferocious.

The villagers felt extremely revolted, fighting hard to resist the urge to vomit.

Yang Kai’s eyes darkened slightly as he glanced at the blood-drenched ground resulting from Chi’s death and sighed.

Although he did not know what happened to Chi, he had a vague idea.

The Shaman of the Bone Devouring Clan did not kill Chi immediately, but rather deliberately pursued him torturously to locate Blue South Village. During this torturous period, he may have used many methods to prevent Chi from going to the main Clan of the Raging Flame Clan, forcing him to have no choice but to seek out other reliable allies.

But in any case, there was only one explanation as to how a Shaman like him was to be able to manipulate a Shaman Grandmaster like Chi. He was a Shaman King!

“I recognize the smell of your aura.”

The Shaman of the Bone Devouring Clan suddenly spoke, eyeing Yang Kai with scorching eyes, “You were in the stone fortress.”

Yang Kai sneered, “Yeah. I killed Yeow.”

The Shaman scoffed, “You?”

He obviously did not think Yang Kai had the ability to kill Yeow. After what happened in the stone fortress, he used many ways and methods to reproduce the battle that day and even though the traces were vague, it was enough for him to track down the murderer.

He visited the Fierce Wind Clan and the Raging Flame Clan, destroying two small villages and killing everyone who had been in the stone fortress that day. However, his last target was difficult to locate, as if something was blinding his senses. In the end, he could only use Chi to lead him to the last culprit of that day.

The plan was very successful as the desperate Chi had led him to this backwater place.

When he smelled Yang Kai’s aura, the Shaman decisively finished off Chi.

Now all he needed to do was destroy this small village. The majesty of the Bone Devouring Clan was inviolable, and any enemy who dared spill their blood would surely receive vengeance a thousand times over.

“You think I’m not capable?” Yang Kai asked with a smirk, and at the same time quietly transmitted a message to Tiea, instructing her to take the villagers into hiding. Although Yang Kai’s strength soared during this month-long retreat, he was facing a Shaman King, so he wouldn’t underestimate his opponent and could not afford to be distracted by the Blue South Village. If the villagers did not withdraw, the power of the upcoming battle would be sufficient to extinguish their Souls.

The Shaman snorted coldly, refusing to reply.

“Yeow felt the same way before he died!” Yang Kai snickered deeply.

The Shaman King asked condescendingly, “Are you trying to say that I, Shaman Chei, will end in the same way?”

Yang Kai shrugged his shoulders, but that gesture was undoubtedly a tacit approval.

Shaman Chei looked at Yang Kai for a moment before he began cackling loudly. The laughter was thunderous, and it actually had a mysterious effect. The villagers who were quietly evacuating were caught off guard by it and began oozing blood from their mouths and noses.

Except for Yang Kai, who was right in front of him and remained unmoved.

As soon as the laughter stopped, Shaman Chei studied Yang Kai, and found that he was not pretending to be calm, but was indeed completely unscathed. Now, he found that this was a bit strange, “Hmm… it seems that this trivial Shaman Grandmaster does have… some skill…”

He was still a Shaman King, despite being a Low-Rank one, so how could his voice infused with his power be resisted by a mere Shaman Grandmaster? Nevertheless, Yang Kai stood there like an unchanging mountain, completely unaffected by his trick.

While muttering to himself, Shaman Chei dropped the calf in his hand and patted his stomach. Shaman Strength surged out as he belted out a howl and the skulls hanging around his waist emitted a freezing cold aura; their hollow eyes flashing with a green glow as they flew out together.

“How dare you to kill my Bone Devouring Clansmen; today, this Shaman will turn you all into food!”

As Shaman Chei roared, the flying skulls expanded in the air into the size of houses. They scattered and fenced the village, spitting an eerie and cold aura from their mouths, freezing the earth and log houses wherever it touched, extinguishing all signs of life.

In the blink of an eye, the village turned into a burial ground flooded with Death Qi.

Fortunately, Yang Kai had secretly made arrangements with Tiea and at this moment, the villagers had all gathered in the middle of the village and were about to retreat into the underground escape tunnel, so there were no casualties.

This tunnel was excavated under Tiea’s lead. After the last experience with the Bone Devouring Clan, the existence of this tunnel was to ensure the villagers’ safety if a similar situation occurred again.

When Tiea made this suggestion, Ah Hu and the others naturally cooperated wholeheartedly.

In a month, this tunnel was covertly dug out to a hidden place thirty kilometres away, enough to put a safe distance away from any disasters in the village.

However, the Death Qi was spreading extremely fast, and it took time for more than two hundred villagers to retreat. If nothing was done to prevent the Death Qi’s expansion, they would certainly not be able to evacuate safely.

Fortunately, when the skulls began operating, Yang Kai also made his move.

With a flicker, he instantly appeared in front of a huge skull.

Seeing this situation, Shaman Chei could not help but raise his brows and snicker with disdain, “You court death!”

These skulls were Shaman Artifacts that he had been refining for years, and they were more difficult to handle directly than even he was. If Yang Kai had chosen to attack his body, Chei may have to make an effort to repel him, but this boy actually decided to target his Shaman Artifacts instead.

Shaman Chei communicated with the skull and the green glimmer in its eyes flashed wildly, spewing a massive amount of cold aura from its mouth to completely envelope Yang Kai.

This frigid Death Qi was made by collecting the grievances of all those who were killed and consumed by Chei. It was mysterious and powerful; not to mention Yang Kai who was just a Shaman Grandmaster, even if a Shaman King was enveloped by this Death Qi, they would be haunted by evil spirits and have their mind thrown into chaos. By that time, they would become easy to manipulate and kill.

Shaman Chei could almost foresee Yang Kai’s end; he would be frozen on the spot by the chilling Death Qi, and then consumed by the skull.

All of a sudden, a five-coloured light ray burst out of the dense, cold Death Qi. The power of the Five Elements in the ray of light mutually reinforced and counterbalanced each other endlessly. It was like a pillar standing firm amidst the monstrous flood of Death Qi, and even seemed to be expanding slowly.

Shaman Chei frowned, instinctively doubting the situation.

His opponent was indeed just a Shaman Grandmaster, and in fact, he should be a Low-Rank Shaman Grandmaster. It was completely unreasonable for Yang Kai to be able to resist the power of his Shaman Artifact, but the scene before Chei was beyond his understanding.

The Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi pulsed rapidly and the formidable Death Qi that could subdue a Shaman King was thwarted.

Yang Kai lifted his sword high, surging power from his entire body, and a beam of light suddenly materialized and soared into the sky with a force that could pierce a hole in the clouds.

In the next moment, with a slash, a sword light that could divide rivers and the seas fell, splitting the icy Death Qi into two clear halves before continuing on to the giant skull.

A sharp howl echoed, and the green ghostly fire in the skull’s eye sockets flickered violently while under the sharp impact force of the sword light, the skull was sent flying so fast it looked like it would be thrown out of the world itself.