Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2834, Many Spells

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Shaman Chei was shocked. He never expected that a mere Shaman Grandmaster could exert such strength and hurriedly stretched out his hand to summon back his skull, which shrunk and returned to his hand.

Shaman Chei looked down at the skull and immediately became infuriated, his face twisting in rage.

There was actually a crack on his Shaman Artifact!

This was a Shaman Artifact of a Shaman King, so under normal circumstances, it would not take any damage no matter how much another attacked it, let alone a crack. However, the small crack on the Shaman Artifact now seemed to be mocking him for his ignorance with a big, wide smile.

While he was still examining the skull, he sensed a sudden movement and when he looked up, he roared, “Enough!”

The Shaman Grandmaster with a rather scrawny appearance was flying towards another skull and preparing to swing his sword at it. After suffering such a big loss previously, Shaman Chei learnt of his opponent’s ability, and hurriedly summoned back all his Shaman Artifacts that were releasing the chilling Death Qi that was turning the village below into a dead zone.

The six skulls flew back together, shrunk back to their original size, and surrounded him like small moons.

Without the skulls, the Death Qi that shrouded the village soon dissipated like snowflakes under the scorching sun.

Yang Kai rested the Myriads Sword on his shoulder and looked at Shaman Chi unconcerned, even laughing, “Not to boast, but you should really give this your all if you want to survive.”

Shaman Chei’s eyelids twitched. He would not even pay it any mind if another Shaman Grandmaster spoke to him like this; however, this Shaman Grandmaster in front of him… was a little different.

“Did you really kill Yeow?” Shaman Chei questioned coldly.

“Yes and no. He self-destructed in the end!”

“Then, it really is you!” Shaman Chei was maddened. He had some doubts before, because given Yeow’s capabilities, how could he have been killed so easily? Chi and Zhu were not capable of killing Yeow, so Shaman Chei believed that a Shaman King from either the Fierce Wind Clan or Raging Flame Clan had taken part in the previous battle, but now that he witnessed Yang Kai’s skills, Chei believed what he said was true.

Yeow had indeed died at this scrawny Shaman’s hands. Otherwise, how could he know the details so clearly?

Yeow’s strength was mostly dependent on his Blood Sea ability, which was linked to his Blood Bottle Gourd Shaman Artifact, but now it seemed that this Shaman Grandmaster who killed Yeow also possessed a powerful Shaman Artifact.

If it was only an ordinary Shaman Artifact, how could it manage to harm his skull?

However… He was still just a Shaman Grandmaster, so even if he had some skill, Shaman Chei was confident that he couldn’t escape death.

“You will pay for your insolence!” Shaman Chi bellowed and abruptly raised his hands, causing the six skulls to tremble before shooting towards Yang Kai. The skulls did not enlarge this time, and even though they were not as intimidating as before, they were undoubtedly more flexible and unpredictable.

In an instant, the six skulls surrounded Yang Kai from all directions, opened their mouths, and breathed out a freezing cold aura.

It seemed that this cold aura could freeze all things, and not even a Shaman King could escape from it. Yang Kai tightened his grip on his sword and released a tremendous sword radiance to defend himself.

After a moment of scraping noise, none of the six skulls’ attacks seemed effective. They were all blocked by Yang Kai’s Sword Qi, and the skulls wobbled unsteadily instead.

Shaman Chei did not panic though, because he had expected this to happen. The corners of his mouth curved into a scornful smile as he moved his lips quietly, whispering an incantation before flicking his fingers. A powerful Shamanic Spell was launched silently towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai, who was facing him from the side, seemed unprepared for it, and Shaman Chei sneered in his heart, anticipating Yang Kai’s inevitable death.

A transparent Shield Spell strangely appeared at that moment, and at the same time, a semi-transparent evil spirit appeared and collided with it, letting out a miserable howl.

Yang Kai did not even look at it and simply grinned. While fighting against the six skulls with the sword in his right hand, he cast a fireball as big as a washbasin with his left at the evil spirit.

A despairing scream sounded as the shadowless and formless evil spirit was vaporized.

Jaw dropped, Shaman Chei looked at the scene in disbelief. How did this brat have the spare attention and strength to deal with his sneak attack? How could his Divine Sense be strong enough to notice and guard against his sneak attacks during this high-intensity battle?

Shaman Chei’s face darkened as a sense of humiliation dawned on him.

He was a Shaman King, yet a Shaman Grandmaster actually managed to counter his spells?

Enraged by shame, Shaman Chei controlled the six skulls to keep exerting pressure on Yang Kai while waving his hands consistently to unleash one Shamanic Spell after another at Yang Kai.

Just because this little brat could resist him once, did not mean that he could resist every time. As long as he continued to distract himself, his Shaman Artifacts would eventually find a chance to kill this boy in one strike.

However, Shaman Chei was dumbstruck by the following scene.

Under the continuous attacks of Shaman Chei’s Shamanic Spells, Yang Kai handled the situation without panicking. His left hand kept releasing Shamanic Spells of his own to respond to Shaman Chei’s attacks in an orderly fashion.

For a moment, the two Shamans engaged in a competition of Shamanic Spells mid-air.

Although there was a Great Realm of difference between them, the Shamanic Spells that were released by the two enemies appeared equal in strength whether it was in terms of casting speed or killing ability. Their Shamanic Spells constantly collided and cancelled each other out, causing numerous dazzling explosions across the sky.

Perhaps at the beginning, Shaman Chei could still feel that he had an upper hand, and his opponent would be flustered occasionally; However, as time passed, his opponent was getting more efficient in casting his Shamanic Spells and the adjustment of his power also grew more and more refined.

[Damn it!]

This was just a small village that could not even be considered a sub-clan. Shaman Chei had purged at least eighty such villages in his life and knew that it was already fortunate enough to have a Shaman Apprentice overseeing such a tiny place, but this village was actually guarded by a Shaman Grandmaster.

What struck him more was that this Shaman Grandmaster could actually match with him in a duel of Shamanic Spells.

How could he have mastered so many spells though? Shamanic Spells of any clan could not be easily acquired and learnt. Every Shaman basically could only learn the Shamanic Spells from their own Clan that were passed on from generation to generation.

As far as he knew, the Shamanic Spells of the South Barbarian Clan were mediocre at best. It was already impressive for a Shaman Grandmaster to master ten to twenty Shamanic Spells, and even if there were more Shamanic Spells, one would have no energy left to master them. Moreover, among these ten to twenty Shamanic Spells, only a small handful could be used offensively, while the others were defence or auxiliary.

As a Low-Rank Shaman King himself, Chei had only mastered about fifty kinds of Shamanic Spells! And there were only twenty-seven of his Shamanic Spell that could be used for offence, all of which he was truly proficient in. Some Mid-Rank Shaman Kings did not even have such an achievement.

However, this appeared insignificant when compared to this strange opponent.

Within this short one-hour duel, Shaman Chei saw Yang Kai cast at least a hundred different Shamanic Spells effortlessly, each without repetition as if he had practised them many times before.

Many Shamanic Spells aroused his jealousy, because those Shamanic Spells were the unshared secrets of many other Clans that only their Shaman Grandmasters could learn. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

[Is this guy really a Shaman Grandmaster? From his appearance, he is definitely quite young, so where and when did he learn so many Shamanic Spells? How did he have time to master all of these to such a degree?]

Shaman Chei would not have been so surprised if his opponent was an old man as the Elders were always capable of amazing and unexpected things, but his opponent actually looked no more than twenty to thirty years old.

Shaman Chei became more and more frightened as he fought as he had the illusion that his opponent was the Shaman King, while he was just a Shaman Grandmaster himself, because the performance of this Shaman Grandmaster truly astonished him. He could not wait to catch him now and bite off his flesh while he was still alive to savour the wonderful taste.

*Hong…*

During another exchange, two Shamanic Spells collided with each other, but they did not dispel each other like ordinary. On the contrary, Chei’s opponent’s lightning strike charged at him unabated after breaking through his Soul Collecting Technique. The dancing lightning was like a venomous snake, opening its mouth and showing off its fangs.

Shaman Chei was appalled as his Shamanic Spell was actually broken through. In a hurry, he could only form a Shield Spell in front of him.

After successfully stopping the lightning strike, Shaman Chei’s expression changed from fury to fear as he asked, “Are you… using this Shaman to train?”

Recalling the previous scenes, Shaman Chi suddenly had a bad feeling. If his guess was right, he would be in deep trouble.

Yang Kai burst into laughter and pushed back the six skulls around him with the sword as he remarked, “Many thanks for Sir Shaman King’s help!”

Yang Kai had not had time to fully absorb the massive amount of knowledge he inherited from Senior Qing, but during this month’s retreat, he had made some progress digesting this inheritance while cultivating.

Nevertheless, closed-door cultivation was never a substitute for practical experience. Now that a Shaman King had come to him, Yang Kai definitely wanted to seize this opportunity to test the results of his cultivation during this one month.

He was truly satisfied with the results. All kinds of ideas and thoughts he had during his retreat were verified today, and although there were some deviations from his expectations, that did not hurt him overall.

After receiving verification from Yang Kai, Shaman Chei’s face turned even uglier. Being overwhelmed by a great sense of shame, he shouted, trembling in fury, “You court death!”

It was definitely a wrong decision to have a Shamanic Spell duel with this boy as he had actually been taken advantage of by the other party. The result of this was that the Shamanic Spells this scrawny Shaman Grandmaster used had grown significantly more powerful, leading to Chei actually falling into a disadvantage.

This Shaman Grandmaster was truly horrifying. He could actually grow rapidly in battle, and this speed of growth made Shaman Chei uneasy.

As such, he decided to stop playing around and instead end this quickly.

As he bellowed, the six skulls that were lingering around Yang Kai suddenly flew back and returned to Shaman Chei in the blink of an eye.

With concentration, Shaman Chei chanted an incantation and the six skulls revolved around him faster and faster, gradually turning into a green light.