Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2835, Take The Initiative To Visit You

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

When the light dissipated, Shaman Chei and the six skulls disappeared at the same time. Instead, the spot where they were was replaced by a monster. The ferocious-looking monster was about five metres tall and had a green face, scary fangs and dishevelled hair that at first glance, looked like a Soul-reaping evil spirit.

On the body of the evil spirit were many semi-translucent faces, struggling and wriggling, revealing all kinds of tragic expressions and making all kinds of shuddering wails and howls.

Yang Kai stood with his sword, and remarked with a cold face, “You really should go to hell.”

The faces that were struggling to surface on the evil spirit were clearly real Souls! So, where did the Souls come from? Obviously, those were the Souls of people who were killed and gnawed on by Shaman Chei. They must have suffered great terror and torture before they died. Their flesh was consumed, and even their Souls failed to escape, being devoured and refined by Chei before being trapped in his body. They could not be reincarnated and fell into an endless purgatory.

Such a Shaman King would be known as an evil cultivator in the present day and would be an existence that was hated and chased down by all.

But in this era, he could just do whatever he wanted with the protection of the Shaman Saint of the Bone Devouring Clan.

After Shaman Chei turned into an evil spirit, his initially powerful aura rose to a new level, on par with a High-Rank Shaman King.

Grinning, the breath he exhaled seemed to radiate pure Death Qi, resulting in the surrounding trees and grass withering rapidly. Chei stretched his big hand widely, which turned into a light curtain that covered the whole sky, and grabbed towards Yang Kai.

The surrounding space became sealed, and when Yang Kai tried to teleport away, he failed to move. Instead of retreating then, Yang Kai chose to advance with a fierce look on his face. A circle of light rippled out of the Myriads Sword in his hand, wrapping around himself as he pounced at the big hand madly surging his Shaman Strength.

The big hand closed around him, and Yang Kai grunted softly, but the next moment, a hole appeared on the back of the hand and Yang Kai flew right out of it, covered in blood. He then swooped fearlessly down on Shaman Chei and slashed his sword vigorously.

Shaman Chei was not shocked or flustered, simply sending out a slap with his other hand, as if he was swatting a fly.

The slap sent Yang Kai reeling before he could land his attack, the protective Shield Spell he cast failing to even dampen this blow.

*Honglonglong… *

Yang Kai volleyed in the air and crashed into a hill before he could stabilize his stance. When he stood up again, he already looked like a mess, his nose and mouth were covered in blood.

“You’re finished!” Shaman Chei’s cold voice reached Yang Kai’s ear, and he emerged in front of Yang Kai to grab at him again.

“Aren’t you afraid of getting your tongue cut off by the wind while wagging it out of your mouth!?” Yang Kai sneered and immediately performed a hand seal with both hands, causing a mysterious power to pulse from him. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Shaman Chei was stunned as he inexplicably felt as if time was slowing down around him. At the same time, a massive sense of panic and crisis struck his heart. He had transformed himself into an evil spirit, his most powerful spell, one he could use to compete with High-Rank Shaman Kings for a time. But right now, he was dealing with a mere Shaman Grandmaster. Even if this Shaman Grandmaster were to struggle before death, what trouble could he bring?

But the sense of panic and crisis was so real that Chei could not ignore it.

With a single thought, he quickly withdrew eighty percent of his strength to protect himself, assuming a defensive stance.

In the next moment, the paused time seemed to flow again. The Shaman Grandmaster standing opposite of him leisurely pushed his palms forward in a seemingly powerless motion, but one that actually gave off a destructive aura that condemned all living things to death.

“Time Flies!”

Shaman Chei’s pupils contracted abruptly. Although he could not see what kind of mystery was hidden in this palm strike, his instincts told him that he must not be hit as he would at least lose a layer of his skin if he were.

Opening his mouth wide, he released a vicious roar.

In an instant, countless feral ghosts flew out of Chei’s mouth and rushed towards the palm print.

*Hong hong hong… *

The fierce and surging power exploded while Shaman Chei took this opportunity to retreat more than a thousand metres. As he expected, the spirits that were struck by the palm print were all extinguished.

Before they dissipated, these ghosts did not show any excruciating look and instead all looked calm and peaceful, as if they were relieved. Some of them even turned to Yang Kai with a look of gratitude before vanishing.

[What kind of Shamanic Spell was that? It was so formidable!] Shaman Chei looked flabbergasted as the spell cast by the Shaman Grandmaster standing across from him was beyond his cognition.

After the palm strike, Yang Kai was left panting. He felt like his strength had been completely drained, and secretly cursed in his heart.

Time Flies Seal was a Divine Ability of a Great Emperor, and although Yang Kai had cultivated it and comprehended it, it was not something that he could perform at will in his current state. It was still too forceful for him to use such a powerful Divine Ability as a mere Low-Rank Shaman Grandmaster.

Therefore, Yang Kai immediately felt feeble after releasing this palm strike…

But Shaman Chei had already shown his trump card, so if Yang Kai did not give his all, he would not stand a chance to compete with him.

Without exposing his current weakness, as Yang Kai wiped the blood from his nose and mouth with his hand, he stuffed a handful of Emperor Grade Spirit Pills into his mouth and swallowed them into his stomach before taunting, “Are you scared now!?”

Shaman Chei snorted coldly, “Your tricks are truly unusual, but… It’s far from being enough!”

When his words fell, he grabbed at the void and a pitch-black scythe suddenly appeared in his hands before he swung it towards Yang Kai’s location.

Yang Kai’s face changed drastically as he suddenly felt his Soul shiver uncontrollably, like it was trying to fly out of his body. He immediately understood that this scythe was not a Shaman Artifact, but rather a strange Shamanic Spell that had the effect of reaping Souls. Fortunately, the strength of his Soul was not what an ordinary Shaman Grandmaster should have, otherwise he would be in great trouble.

Yang Kai grunted and guarded his mind by locking his Knowledge Sea in place all while resisting the powerful force of attraction that was attempting to extract his Soul.

It seemed that there was an invisible connection between his Soul and the pitch-black scythe and the suction force grew stronger the more the scythe was swung, which made Yang Kai not dare to make any rash moves.

“It’s terrible, right? If you feel miserable, just don’t resist, and put yourself into the arms of this Shaman. This Shaman will make you enjoy the remainder of your life,” Shaman Chei taunted with a ghastly voice, releasing a strong bewitching intent in order to distract Yang Kai’s mind.

“You want my Soul?” Yang Kai bellowed as he gritted his teeth.

“You can’t resist, so why continue your futile efforts?” Shaman Chei sneered.

“Fine then!” Yang Kai shouted, “If you want it, I’ll give it to you!”

Shaman Chei was stunned as he thought that Yang Kai was spouting nonsense. A man would be as good as dead when he lost his Soul, so who would be willing to give it up?

But soon, Shaman Chei was dumbstruck.

Because his opponent was not kidding at all. Yang Kai really released all his Knowledge Sea defences and allowed Shaman Chei’s Shamanic Spell to exert its full effect, dragging his Soul out of him.

“This taste…” Shaman Chei was amazed and immediately rejoiced, “Wonderful, how wonderful! This Shaman can’t wait to taste it!”

He never thought that the Soul of this Shaman Grandmaster could be so vigorous and pure. Logically, such a Soul should never appear on a Shaman Grandmaster, only possible on a High-Rank Shaman King.

[No, no, no. I have killed a High-Rank Shaman King before, but the Soul of that High-Rank Shaman King was still not as marvellous as this!]

Like a cat eyeing its favourite fish, Shaman Chei ogled with unblinking eyes and could not even help licking his lips.

“Then this Shaman will accept it! Don’t worry, since you are so cooperative, this Shaman won’t make you suffer long!” Shaman Chei laughed out loud. As he swung the black scythe once more, pulling a dazzling light out of Yang Kai’s forehead.

It could be vaguely seen that the light was pure and bright without any impurities. Not only was the purity unimaginable, but it was also exceedingly vigorous too.

Shaman Chei’s eyes lit up. Before, he could only smell the aura of Yang Kai’s Soul, but when he saw it with his own eyes now, he immediately knew that his judgement was right. It was truly an irresistible, delicious meal.

Yang Kai, whose Soul was dragged out of his body, fell from the air like a wooden stake.

One could no longer control his own body without his Soul.

On the other side, the Soul that was dragged out rapidly approached Shaman Chei, but at the last moment, his face changed dramatically, all the joy and expectation giving way to overwhelming anger as he roared, “How dare you lie to me!?”

Yang Kai cackled, “Fool, since when did this Young Master lie to you? Didn’t I offer myself to you? But… whether you have the ability to consume me or not is not my problem!”

When the words fell, light burst from Yang Kai’s Soul Avatar and he transformed into the form of a glowing sabre that shot towards Shaman Chei.

Shaman Chei abruptly retreated. Although he had no idea what his opponent was trying to achieve by willingly exposing his own Soul, this Shaman Grandmaster had performed incredible tricks before, so caution was warranted.

The pitch-black scythe in Chei’s hand turned into a pure Soul attack and slashed forward.

The next moment, Shaman Chei’s face changed once more because his Shamanic Spell had no effect at all. His opponent’s Soul in the form of a sabre cut through everything in its path like a hot knife through butter and in the blink of an eye, it reached in front of Shaman Chei.

Blood drained from Shaman Chei’s face as he pushed his Divine Sense furiously, strictly protecting himself as he dared not to let his opponent approach another step.

Nevertheless, he was stupefied by the result.

His Shaman King Divine Sense failed to stop his opponent’s sabre, which easily penetrated his defences. In the next instant, Chei felt a sharp pain in his mind as the Soul Avatar broke into his Knowledge Sea together with the sabre made of light.

Shaman Chei grunted. Although he suffered a lot, he did not seem to be panicking and rapidly landed on the ground and closed his eyes, quickly controlling his own Soul Avatar in his Knowledge Sea to go into hiding.

Chei’s Knowledge Sea was like a purgatory, with evil spirits and ghosts everywhere, their cries and howls echoing across the sky. If he had not seen it with his own eyes, Yang Kai would not believe that someone in this world could have such a horrifying Knowledge Sea.