Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2840, Young Men Are Unreliable

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Shaman Li, the old Village Chief, had taken good care of Yang Kai and witnessed his astonishing rise, so he knew that a small place like Blue South Village could not provide a nurturing environment for the latter, a Shaman who had a promising future.

Therefore, he wrote a letter last winter and delivered it to King City by eagle, asking King City for permission to allow Yang Kai to continue his cultivation there.

At that time, the letter was written to Shaman Dang; after all, the two had a Master-Disciple relationship. Although they had not been in touch for a long time, the old Village Chief believed that Shaman Dang would not refuse, given the aptitude and talent of Ah Niu.

If the Bone Devouring Clan did not invade their village, Yang Kai would have gone to King City after winter under the arrangement of the Village Chief. Unfortunately, the Village Chief died due to the Bone Devouring Clan’s attack, and he did not even have the time to pass down his last will.

In fact, Shaman Dang was also very interested in the man mentioned in the letter by Village Chief Li, but the invasion of the Demon Race had caused him a lot of worries and he had no time to deal with this matter until he saw Yang Kai in the hall. He vaguely felt that he was somewhat similar to the man described by Shaman Li in the letter, which prompted him to ask about Yang Kai purposely. Without any surprise, the weak looking Shaman was indeed Shaman Niu from Blue South Village.

What’s more, he was already a Shaman Grandmaster!

Shaman Li mentioned in the letter that Shaman Niu was just a Low-Rank Shaman Warrior before winter; however, the latter actually managed to become a Shaman Grandmaster after one season.

Was this a miracle from the Barbarian Gods? At this crucial moment, with the invasion of the Demon Race, did the Barbarian Gods deem to grant their blessings to the Barbarian Race in this way?

Suddenly, Wu Dang recalled a saying he had once heard before.

[With the fall of every catastrophe, a saviour will rise.]

…..

King City was packed with people, everyone jostling each other in the crowd. It was no worse than any modern city Yang Kai had been to before.

He did not rush back to gather his people like the other Shaman Grandmasters though and instead wandered around King City alone.

Not long after, he went directly into a shop and negotiated something with the shop owner. After a long time, he walked out proudly, followed by the shop owner behind him with a gleeful smile on his face, addressing Yang Kai with a notably polite attitude, as if he had gained some great benefits.

Without stopping, Yang Kai went into another store, and a while later, the owner of that store also sent Yang Kai off respectfully with the same attitude.

After repeating the process for almost half a day, Yang Kai had gone in and out of dozens of shops, repeating this every time.

It was not until half a day later that Yang Kai did some calculations in his mind, and after nodding lightly, flew out of the city.

After a while, he flew back to the place where he had originally been stationed where he found Tiea standing there silently. When she noticed him coming, she just looked up and nodded gently.

Several Shaman Apprentices who were under him greeted him and looked anxiously at Yang Kai.

One of the older Shaman Apprentices asked, “Sir, where have you been? Why have you only now returned?”

“I went to take care of something, why? What’s the matter?”

The old Shaman Apprentice answered, “It seems that other Sirs are recruiting people. I heard that Sir Shaman King gave all Shaman Grandmasters an order to gather two to three thousand subordinates. Sir, you are back late and most of those strong warriors have already been recruited by others.”

“En, Sir Shaman King did pass down such an order,” Yang nodded.

The several Shaman Apprentices immediately became anxious when they heard this, with the old Shaman Apprentice continuing, “Then what are you waiting for, Sir? Since you’re back now, you should quickly start recruiting. I think there are still some strong warriors left in other villages who seem to be having a dilemma over which Shaman Grandmaster to join. Sir, you might as well invite them too. We may stand a chance to persuade them to join us.”

“Yes, Sir, it should be done as soon as possible. If we continue to delay, only the weak warriors will be left.”

The other Shaman Apprentices began to persuade Yang Kai one after another.

They merged with Blue South Village that was led by Yang Kai while making their way here and did not intend to take refuge under the other Shaman Grandmasters now, but they were still worried that their leader was too calm and did not seem to be doing anything.

Everyone understood the current situation. Only with more strong warriors could they gain certain advantages in the future war. In the past half a day, the hundred Shaman Grandmasters had been wandering around, constantly drawing the Barbarian Warriors from various villages to their sides, but nothing was done on their own side, which was very strange.

They could not help feeling that they have fallen into a crisis under this tense atmosphere.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry!” Yang Kai waved his hand with a steady face, which really made the several Shaman Apprentices speechless as their blood boiled for a moment.

Then, they turned around and looked at the other groups. Those Shaman Grandmasters spared no effort in showing off their capabilities to win others over. Some of them even directly performed their powerful Shamanic Spells to attract people’s attention. Seeing the strong warriors approaching those Shaman Grandmasters one by one, they felt like their vitality was slipping away from their fingers.

However, since Yang Kai, who was their Shaman Grandmaster leader, was in no hurry, then it was useless for them to be anxious; after all, they were just a few Shaman Apprentices who could not play an important role in such an occasion, especially when they were not familiar with Yang Kai.

[It is indeed true that young men are unreliable.] The several older Shaman Apprentices exchanged looks with the same thought.

Time passed slowly in suffering. The scattered Barbarian Warriors gathered around King City were gradually recruited by the teams led by the Shaman Grandmasters one after another and the news of the invasion of the Demon Race gradually spread among the crowd. All the Ancient Barbarians began to unite as one, and some took the initiative to take refuge under those powerful Shaman Grandmasters without even having to be drawn in.

No one was interested in Yang Kai though, who looked so young and weak, while Yang Kai himself did not seem to have any intention to win over anyone either. After returning from King City, he just sat cross-legged side by side with Tiea and cultivated, as if all the bustle around him had nothing to do with him.

This made the several Shaman Apprentices under him feel more and more helpless.

When evening fell, however, a voice as striking as thunder suddenly boomed, “Where is Sir Shaman Niu of Blue South Village?”

With just a sentence, the noisy open field suddenly quieted down, and everyone darted their eyes over to him. They wondered who was the one looking for Shaman Niu of Blue South Village. Everyone had by now heard about Blue South Village, as it was just a tiny village, so how powerful would a Shaman be when he was born and raised in such a place?

How dare a Shaman from a small village be titled as Sir in this place where so many Shaman Grandmasters were assembled?

However, when the people saw the things carried by the owner of that voice, their eyes lit up and their breathing became rapid.

The man was carrying a lot of Shaman Artifacts made of refined steel, which shimmered in dazzling light in the afterglow of the sunset.

Those were the real weapons! By the looks of the sharp blades and heavy hilts of these weapons, if one was hit by them, he would be split in half easily. Countless Barbarian Warriors instantly felt shameful looking down at their own stone spears and axes.

Among the Barbarian Race, only the truly powerful warriors were qualified to wield such weapons, because these weapons were not widely available to ordinary people. They must exchange something of considerable value for these weapons, but what valuable things could the Barbarian Warriors from small outlying villages have?

In the whole Southern Barbarian Clan, only in King City could such weapons be crafted, no other village had such ability.

Therefore, they just looked like a group of country bumpkins with their stone spears and axes when this man carrying so many metal weapons walked in on them.

It was not over yet though as behind this man were a group of fully armed men, each of them carrying weapons on their backs and in their arms, shaking the ground with each step they took.

“I’m here!” Yang Kai flew into the air and waved to the side, “Over here!”

The Barbarian leader looked up and grinned when he saw Yang Kai, showing a mouthful of snow-white teeth. Then, he hurried the people behind him to speed up to Yang Kai.

“Eh… What’s happening with this guy!?” Not far away, a Shaman Grandmaster whose body was as strong as a steel tower, darted his eyes at Yang Kai, flabbergasted.

[He is Shaman Niu!?]

The abnormal situation here certainly attracted the attention of many people, and even many of the Shaman Grandmasters flew into the air and looked down to see what was going on with Blue South Village.

“Sir Shaman Niu, all the things you ordered are here. Please check them.” The Barbarian leader unloaded all the weapons on his back and threw them on the ground while speaking.

The weapons all had different shapes, but each one was solid and heavy, none of them weighing less than a hundred kilogram. This man actually walked like the wind despite carrying more than a dozen such weapons, and a cloud of dust was kicked up when he threw the weapons on the ground as he let out a groan.

“En. Just leave them here. Many thanks for your effort, everyone.” Yang Kai nodded lightly. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

*Hong hong hong…*

One load of weapons after another was dropped while the Barbarian Warriors passed by one by one. Soon, a mountain of weapons was piled up in this place.

Jaws dropped as Ah Hu and the others stared dumbstruck at this sight.

Those Shaman Grandmasters who were watching were also dumbstruck.

The surrounding Barbarians gulped loudly as everyone’s eyes fixed on the mountain of weapons with overwhelming shock and desire. Weapons that were exceptionally valuable and could not be obtained by ordinary Barbarian Warriors in the past were all piled up in front of them now.

It was like a dream!

Even those Shaman Grandmasters present had never seen so many weapons gathered in one place. Any of the weapons here was a precious treasure, but things were far from over as more and more people continued coming to drop off more weapons.

[Why? Why did the shop owners in King City take weapons and bring them here? What is their relationship with Shaman Niu?]

[Why are so many gathered here?]

[Did they gift these weapons to Shaman Niu? Impossible, but what else can explain this scene?] Many of the Shaman Grandmasters knew these shop owners, and some had even dealt with them before. Therefore, they knew of their personalities.