Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2843, Life Chains

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“You want to fight?” Yang Kai raised his eyebrows and grinned wildly, “Good!”

When those words fell, he quickly chanted an incantation and waved his hands, causing a halo to immediately spread out, covering the thousand warriors on his side.

These thousand Ancient Barbarians were suddenly coated in a red light, as if they were wrapped by a layer of blood red fog. Moreover, crackling noises broke out from the bodies of Ah Hu and the others, their already tall frames rapidly enlarging while the animal skin clothes tightened on their bodies. Every pair of eyes turned scarlet, and each of them took on a fearless aura, one that said they would not hesitate to swing their weapons even if it was a Shaman Saint standing in front of them.

The malevolent auras of the thousand Barbarians could almost break through the clouds.

Endless power poured out of their bodies as they clung to the weapons in their hands as if they had gained a new life. Everyone looked excited and widened their eyes in surprise, because it was unbelievable that they could possess such overwhelming power.

Bloodlust Spell!

And it was a High-Grade Bloodlust Spell! Although the eyes of these thousand Barbarians were as red as blood and they appeared to be fearless and ferocious, they had not lost their minds. Such an effect was only possible with the highest quality Bloodlust Spell. Although general Bloodlust Spells could make a Barbarian Warrior stronger and dull their five basic senses to make them immune to pain and fatigue, it would also affect their minds to a certain extent. In severe cases, it might turn them crazy and damage their Souls, leaving crippling side-effects even after the Bloodlust Spell wore off.

But the Bloodlust Spell cast by Shaman Niu was different. It should only be something a Shaman King could achieve.

Many Shaman Grandmasters were shocked by this scene. Such a Bloodlust Spell alone was enough to make them change their opinions of Shaman Niu, because this was an ability beyond their capability to perform.

Especially when he cast his Bloodlust Spell on all one thousand Barbarians so calmly and casually, not leaving anyone out. How much control and power did he need to achieve this? Moreover, this seemed far from his limit.

Was a fight really going to occur?

It seemed the arrow was already released from the bow when the Bloodlust Spell was chanted.

Nevertheless, things had not ended yet.

After the Bloodlust Spell, Yang Kai continued chanting, weaving his hands in a complex pattern. Following his actions, lights of different colours burst out one after another and wrapped around his men.

Light Body Spell, Stone Armour Spell, Great Strength Spell…

Layer after layer of light shrouded every warrior under Yang Kai as an earthy yellow light, like a heavy layer of armour, was added onto the scarlet glow on the surface of their bodies. Other than that, a light breeze wrapped around their legs, increasing their swiftness and manoeuvrability, while the golden rays of light which symbolized the Great Strength Spell enhanced their strength by a further thirty percent.

The breath of these Barbarian Warriors grew heavier as their fighting spirits were fully unleashed.

The roughly four thousand who gathered around them were so frightened by their power that they could not help taking a few steps back, their faces filled with dread.

There was no need to even fight as everyone understood just by observing that each of these people in the Shaman Niu Clan had the ability to fight against two people alone.

The faces of Shaman Tu and the other Shaman Grandmaster turned dreadfully ugly. They thought that they could bring out their men to deter Shaman Niu, making him panic, but who knew that this guy would be so undaunted? Not only was he not intimidated, but immediately blessed his clansmen with a lot of auxiliary Shamanic Spells instead.

At the moment, like the rest of the Shaman Grandmasters, the two Shaman Grandmasters facing off against Yang Kai were immersed in deep shock.

Even a Shaman King could not afford to sprinkle so many large-scale Shamanic Spells one after another with solely his own strength on so many people. Shaman Niu was just a Low-Rank Shaman Grandmaster, so how did he have so much Shaman Strength in his body to spare?

By now, all of them realized that they had greatly underestimated Shaman Niu. Just the storage of the Shaman Strength in his body was already far beyond that of an ordinary Shaman Grandmaster. What’s more, he was just a Low-Rank Shaman Grandmaster now, so what would he be like if he were to break through to become a High-Rank Shaman Grandmaster?

Just when the two Grandmasters were staring dumbstruck, Yang Kai chanted an incantation again, and another light descended.

As the light fell, the Barbarians on Yang Kai’s side were stunned all of a sudden as the red light permeating from their bodies merged together.

In the blink of an eye, the one thousand troops seemed to have converged, no longer distinguished from each other. The overwhelming aura merged together and caused the ground to shake.

“Life Chains!” Shaman Tu’s face changed drastically. He could not help gulping nervously as he stared at Yang Kai as if he was looking at a monster.

Life Chains was a truly profound Shamanic Spell that only Shaman Grandmasters and above were qualified to cultivate. This Shamanic Spell could connect the vitality of the Barbarian Warriors together. Under the effect of Life Chains, the damage suffered by any individual would be spread out evenly to all those connected to them, so that the Barbarian Warriors could withstand far more damage than ordinarily.

The entire Ancient Barbarian Race relied mainly on this kind of Shamanic Spell in large-scale wars.

However, although Shaman Grandmasters could learn and cultivate Life Chains, they often needed the assistance of other Shamans to perform this Shamanic Spell.

It would be fine if it was a small number of people as the Life Chains cast by an ordinary High-Rank Shaman Grandmaster could connect the vitality of two hundred or so without trouble, but if the Grandmaster had the assistance of several Shaman Masters, Shaman Warriors, and Shaman Apprentices, that coverage could expand several times or even more than ten times over. The more assisting Shamans, the better the effect.

However, when Shaman Niu cast Life Chains just now, he had no assistance from anyone.

Still, the light of his Shamanic Spell instantly shrouded all one thousand Barbarian Warriors on his side, connecting their vitality and integrating their scattered lives into one.

If those Shaman Grandmasters did not witness it with their own eyes, they would not believe that such a thing was possible.

Only the Life Chains of a High-Rank Shaman King could link a thousand lives together at once.

The advantage of having several times the number of people vanished in an instant facing this terrifying group.

Although Shaman Tu and the other Shaman Grandmaster could also cast Life Chains to connect the vitality of their warriors, it naturally required some preparation time; after all, they needed to coordinate and cooperate with all the Shamans under their command to do this. How could they easily cast a Life Chains Spell like Yang Kai just did?

In other words, if they were really going to fight, the thousand warriors under Yang Kai’s command would certainly be enough to crush ten thousand scattered Barbarian Warriors without taking any serious damage. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

“This Shaman is ready. When are we going to start the battle?” Yang Kai looked down at Shaman Tu from above and asked nonchalantly, his indifferent appearance causing the other Shaman Grandmasters’ brows to twitch.

He did not look exhausted at all after casting so many large-scale Shamanic Spells. Was he a monster?

Under normal circumstances, casting two or three of these large-scale Shamanic Spells would be enough to wear down the Shaman Strength of any Shaman Grandmaster.

Was there still a point of fighting against such an enemy?

On the other hand, was it even worth fighting now? The other Shamanic Spells still made sense, because they did not have much backlash on the warriors, but the Bloodlust Spell was different. Once it was used, it would consume the Blood Qi of the Barbarian Warriors and they would grow weak for several days after the effects wore off.

It was insane that Shaman Niu applied the Bloodlust Spell to his warriors without any hesitation. Did he not know the consequences this would bring?

In front of Yang Kai’s overbearing manner, Shaman Tu’s face turned red and he could not say a single word.

Could he really start a battle now?

He did not intend to really start a war with Yang Kai in the first place as his goal was to intimidate him by calling out his clansmen. However, he did not expect that this scrawny Shaman would be so wild and short-tempered.

Shaman Tu deeply regretted putting himself in this situation that was difficult for him to back down from now.

“Oh?” Yang Kai sneered at Shaman Tu, “By the look of Sir Shaman Tu’s face, it seems that he is not ready yet. Do you want me to give you a few days to prepare?”

Shaman Tu’s face flushed as he straightened his neck and shouted, “Shaman Niu, don’t be too arrogant! This is King City, and this Shaman does not wish to disturb Sir Shaman King with a trivial squabble now. If we provoke Sir Shaman King, no one will have a good end. It’s not that I’m afraid of you!”

As soon as these words reached the crowd’s ears, various looks etched on many Shaman Grandmasters’ faces. Everyone understood the situation; Shaman Tu knew that he had no chance of winning, so he could only use his tongue to save his pride.

However, Shaman Tu had probably lost all his dignity after such a fuss and it was meaningless for him to say more. It would also be impossible for him to recruit any more clansmen.

On the contrary, Shaman Niu, who had the record of sending two Shaman Grandmasters flying on his own as well as the ability to cast so many powerful Shamanic Spells by himself certainly attracted the interest of those scattered warriors.

Fortunately, the order of Sir Shaman King was that every Shaman Grandmaster should recruit two to three thousand people. Otherwise, if he was allowed to take advantage of the situation, this Shaman Niu would definitely attempt to recruit tens of thousands of people. Once that happened, many Shaman Grandmasters would be unable to complete this task.

“So what Sir Shaman Tu wants to say is now is not the time to fight?” Yang Kai smiled lightly, and replied with a disappointed look, “What a waste of my long preparations.”

Shaman Tu snorted coldly, “We are all from the Southern Barbarian Clan. What’s the point of fighting amongst ourselves? If you want to fight, go fight with the Demon Race to see who can kill more Demons by then!”

Yang Kai touched his chin and nodded, “What Sir Shaman Tu said makes sense too.”

Shaman Tu’s expression relaxed, “You think so too?”

Yang Kai smiled faintly, “In that case, let’s compete on the battlefield.”

“Good! It’s a deal! This Shaman will not lose to you!” Shaman Tu waved his hand and accepted the challenge. At the same time, his two thousand men let out a sigh of relief and dispersed.

Shaman Tu turned around and a breeze swept past him. Only then did he realize that his back was drenched in cold sweat. He could not help shivering and secretly scolded himself for being so stupid and putting himself in such an embarrassing position.

On the other side, Yang Kai performed various hand seals and dispersed the Life Chains and Bloodlust Spell.

To the surprise of Ah Hu and the others, they did not feel dizzy like normal when the Bloodlust Spell was removed. Although they were more or less tired, it was still within an acceptable limit. Moreover, such a small drawback was nothing to the strong Barbarian Warriors who could easily recover after a good meal.