Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2850, Demonification

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Somewhere not far away, a clansman was already demonified. He slashed the weapon in his hand fiercely at another clansman, who was a close brother in the past, chopping off his head mercilessly.

Those who saw this wondered in worry. [How can this be… We have just set out, and we are already about to get wiped out?]

Screams reverberated, terrifying all the Ancient Barbarians. No one had a clue of the surrounding situation, and could only huddle back-to-back in groups while also remaining wary of one another.

The demonified clansman did not stop after murdering his companion and once again raised his sharp weapon in his hand to slash at a new target.

Yang Kai lifted his hand and a Chain Spell shot towards the clansman, binding him tightly.

More screams rang out as others encountered attacks from their once trusted companions.

Yang Kai’s Divine Sense enveloped the entire village while he sent out one Chain Spell after another to constrain the demonified clansmen.

After a short delay, Yang Kai suddenly found that the situation was much better than he expected.

The three thousand warriors of the Shaman Niu Clan were not annihilated. After a rough count, only about a hundred people had been demonised, while the remaining warriors did not seem to have been affected, still maintaining their consciousness.

However, the omnipresent Ancient Demon Qi surrounding them was still constantly trying to invade their bodies, and it was only a matter of time before the entire army would be annihilated if the situation wasn’t reversed.

At this point, Yang Kai did not dare to delay anymore and cast a large-scale Purification Spell repeatedly. After each spell cast, the surrounding Ancient Demon Qi would become less dense.

The rest of the Shamans were recklessly spending their Shaman Strength as well to cast their own Shamanic Spells.

The Shamanic Spells displayed by these Shamans seemed to be the nemesis of the Ancient Demon Qi, and after only ten breaths of time, the darkness that enveloped the world had disappeared, replaced by warm sunlight again.

Many clansmen were only able to have a clear view of the situation around them at this moment.

Several dozens of their companions had perished on the spot, their blood still flowing down in streams, while many others who were bound by the Chain Spells struggled incessantly with inky black. Their tireless horrifying growls made them seem like they had lost their sanity.

The scene shocked everyone.

While on the other side, the several dozen strange existences that emerged from the ground had finally taken shape into Sand Demons.

Each of these Sand Demons prepared themselves, and monstrous Demon Qi swept out of their bodies, whizzing into the wind. All of them started to advance swiftly towards the surrounding Barbarians.

Although they had no idea what those Sand Demons were, since they had initiated an attack, they were enemies.

The Barbarian Warriors roared, raised their weapons high, and launched into a brave charge.

With a loud screech, the Aerial Cavalry lifted off and soared over the village, shooting sharp and precise arrows one after another. On the other side, led by Yue and Lu, more than a dozen Shamans chanted incantations continuously while Shamanic Spells were launched in brilliant and colourful light. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The battle started suddenly and ended just as quickly.

The several dozen Sand Demons successfully launched a wave of sneak attacks with the help of the shroud of Ancient Demon Qi, but apart from causing some disruption in the Shaman Niu Clan and killing some people at the beginning, the following fight was a complete crushing defeat for them.

Not a single clansman died; only a dozen people were slightly injured, while the several dozen Sand Demons were all killed.

The fierce battle ended, but at the sight of the tragic deaths and demonised companions around them, the Barbarian Warriors looked gloomy without the slightest sense of victory.

This was the first battle the Shaman Niu Clan had since the day they set off from King City, and the opponents were only a few dozen Sand Demons, but even so, they had suffered unacceptable casualties.

The Ancient Barbarians were all ashamed of the outcome.

“Ah Hu, come here!” Yang Kai beckoned with a solemn expression.

Ah Hu responded, and came to Yang Kai in a few steps, quickly asking, “What are Sir’s orders?”

Although the two of them came from the same village and they were friends even before partners in arms, Yang Kai was now the commander of their army, and Ah Hu could not address him casually in front of others. The commander needed to have the majesty of a commander.

“How do you feel?” Yang Kai asked as he reached out for Ah Hu’s wrist and pushed his Shaman Strength to examine his body carefully.

Ah Hu fell silent for a moment but soon confessed, “I don’t feel well…”

Yang Kai was shocked, “Where do you feel unwell?”

Ah Hu turned his head aside, and lamented, “If I had been more careful just now, we could have lost fewer people.”

Yang Kai breathed a sigh of relief and patted him on the shoulder in comfort, “You don’t have to blame yourself for this matter. Everyone is responsible for what happened.”

Yang Kai dismissed Ah Hu but remained a little dazed. He realized, after examination, there was not the slightest abnormality in Ah Hu, and there was no trace of demonization in him at all.

The Demon Qi had blanketed the entire village, and it would be reasonable if all three thousand people were contaminated.

In disbelief, he summoned a few other clansmen and examined them, only to find that they were all in good condition, just like Ah Hu, which confused Yang Kai.

It was a good thing that the clansmen were not demonised by the Demon Qi, but Yang Kai could not understand why.

If all the clansmen were the same, it would still make some sense, but there were about a hundred of them who had been demonised.

As he was pondering, Yang Kai came to a subdued demonised clansman. The clansman seemed to have lost his mind at the moment and roared tirelessly with his inky black eyes. Yue was standing beside him, constantly casting Purification Spells, though it did not seem to have much effect.

The other dozen Shamans were also busy casting various Shamanic Spells on the other demonised clansmen, but nothing happened.

“Sir, they can’t be saved,” Lu walked towards him from a short distance away, with a trace of grief in her eyes.

Yang Kai did not answer, but scanned every demonised clansman with his Divine Sense before quickly discovering that each of them had something in common.

These clansmen were somewhat weak compared to the other clansmen.

Although Ancient Barbarians were all physically strong, there were naturally individual differences, and these demonised clansmen were basically those who had lower vitality compared to the rest. Obviously, their demonization was related to their own strength.

Barbarian Warriors did not cultivate Shaman Strength, only Body Tempering. The stronger their physique, the stronger their Blood Qi, while on the contrary, the weaker their physique, the weaker their Blood Qi.

“Blood Qi… Blood Essence…” Yang Kai muttered to himself before his eyes lit up at an idea.

Walking straight to a demonised clansman, Yang Kai reached out his hand to tap on the clansman’s forehead.

Everyone was watching nervously, not knowing what Yang Kai was going to do.

A moment later, the demonised clansman was covered in a red aura after which their strength suddenly shot up and they became noticeably stronger.

[Bloodlust Spell!]

Yue’s and Lu’s eyelids jumped, they looked at each other in shock.

They did not even hear Yang Kai chanting to cast the Bloodlust Spell. In other words, this Shaman Niu had reached a point where he could cast the Bloodlust Spell without an incantation.

This was not something that just anyone could achieve; only a few people who had deep and profound comprehension of certain Shamanic Spells could do this.

This was something that even Yue and Lu, who were raised in the Shaman Divine Temple, could not do.

Despite being shocked, they were also confused as to why Yang Kai had used the Bloodlust Spell now of all times. It was already difficult enough to keep the demonised clansman under control, so the addition of the Bloodlust Spell was only going to turn the situation…

Before they could finish their thoughts, the sisters, Yue and Lu, gaped at the clansman who had been subjected to Bloodlust Spell in amazement.

As soon as the effects of the Bloodlust Spell were activated, a tinge of red appeared in the inky black eyes of the clansman. Although it was not very eye-catching, it was particularly obvious against the black background.

The clansman who had been struggling and roaring constantly seemed to have been thrown into a daze for a moment and stopped resisting.

Immediately afterwards, a painful groan tore from his throat, and a trace of consciousness reappeared in his eyes.

He rolled his eyes to look around before finally locking onto Yang Kai, immediately shouting with much suffering, “Sir… Shaman… Niu…”

Yang Kai quickly motivated him solemnly, “You are a child of the Barbarian Gods, you are a warrior of the Barbarian Race, with strong physique and perseverance. I believe you can overcome the evil in your heart and regain yourself. Your Brothers are waiting for you.”

The surrounding eyes fell on him.

As if encouraged, the demonised clansmen let out a low roar and the red light on his body grew more radiant. The crimson in his eyes burned like flames, and even the blackness in his eyes seemed to be melting quickly under the scorching flames.

The next moment, a dark light suddenly gushed out from all the orifices of the clansman’s head. This was obviously the Ancient Demon Qi that had invaded his body that was now being forced out.

Yang Kai swiftly raised his hand to cast a Purification Spell, cleansing the Ancient Demon Qi.

After the Ancient Demon Qi left his body, the clansman squeezed out a smile and immediately collapsed onto the ground.

Several clansmen who were familiar with him quickly went up to examine him and quickly turned around to assure Yang Kai, “He’s not dead. He just fainted.”

Yang Kai nodded, “He will be fine once he wakes up.”

He investigated the clansman’s body with his Divine Sense and confirmed that the Ancient Demon Qi inside had been completely eliminated. In other words, the hidden danger had been eliminated.

“Sir, is the Bloodlust Spell able to counter the Demon Qi?” Yue looked at Yang Kai curiously, with an insatiable desire for knowledge written all over her face.

Yang Kai instructed the clansmen to bring over the other demonised companions while explaining calmly, “I don’t know the specific situation myself, but I don’t think it’s the Bloodlust Spell that removed the Demon Qi. Instead, it’s the stimulation of Blood Qi of our warriors. Our Blood Qi has the effect of resisting Demon Qi, and the stronger one’s Blood Qi, the easier it is for us to resist the effects of the Demon Qi.”