Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2851, Charm Demon

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Obviously, the reason Ah Hu and the others were still safe after being contaminated by the Ancient Demon Qi was due to their strong physiques and Blood Qi. However, the hundred demonised people were the weakest ones among them.

After Yang Kai applied the Bloodlust Spell on them, their Blood Qi immediately increased by two to three times, which was enough to force the Ancient Demon Qi out of their bodies.

Previously, Yang Kai only planned to give it a try, but he did not expect it to be so effective.

Now, it seemed that he just needed to cast the Bloodlust Spell on the clansmen when the Ancient Demon Qi came at them so that their Blood Qi strength would be stimulated and allow them to resist the corruption.

The Ancient Barbarian Race had too little an understanding of Ancient Demon Qi, and thus had too little useful information about countering it.

When the Demon Race invaded, the four Clans were all destroyed without any survivors, so there was not much intelligence gained. Then, the four Shaman Saints went directly to confront the strongest Masters of the Demon Race and had an equally matched battle with them.

Before departing from King City, Shaman Dang also reminded all the Shaman Grandmasters to look for the weakness of the Demon Race during the war. At this moment, Yang Kai felt that he had found a way to restrain the Ancient Demon Qi.

However, if they were blessed with Bloodlust Spell too many times too frequently, even the strongest clansman could not avoid the fate of premature aging. But who would care about this at a critical moment of life and death?

Thinking about it, Yang Kai felt something was wrong.

If the erosion of the Ancient Demon Qi could be blocked purely by Blood Qi, it did not make sense that so many cultivators were demonised into Demons when Maplewood City was besieged by the Ancient Demon Qi.

Although most cultivators in modern times did not pay much attention to Body Tempering, they still nourished their physiques with the World Energy for years if not centuries, thus their physical quality would not necessarily be worse than that of Ah Hu and the other Ancient Barbarians.

However, they could not resist the Ancient Demon Qi and all those contaminated by it were demonised without exception, which was far worse than how Ah Hu and the others performed.

Among Yang Kai’s three thousand subordinates, only about a hundred people failed to resist it.

[Is it because of the World Principles?] This was so long ago that the World Principles between the two eras were completely different.

Different Masters would be produced under different World Principles. Just like Yang Kai, who was an Emperor Realm Master himself, but could not unleash his full strength after coming here.

The Barbarian Race that lived in this Ancient World may have cultivated something under the influence of the invisible but ubiquitous World Principles that future cultivators did not possess, which allowed them to naturally resist the corruption of the Ancient Demon Qi purely with their Blood Qi.

The more Yang Kai thought about it, the more he thought it to be so.

After Yang Kai’s explanation, the dozen Shamans came to a realization, and even Yue and Lu showed great respect to Yang Kai through their expressions for the first time.

Both of them were the most qualified and outstanding Shamans in the South Barbarian Clan, and as long as they were given enough time, it was definitely not a dream for them to reach the realm of Shaman King. As the elites who came from the Shaman Divine Temple, they were exposed to the most powerful and profound Shamanic Spells available.

Although Shaman Dang assigned them to Yang Kai, Yue and Lue never once thought that this Shaman Niu could be much stronger than them.

All along, they only regarded Yang Kai as being their equal, and did not show any corresponding respect, because they felt that they would surpass this Shaman Niu sooner or later and reach a height beyond his reach.

But after what just happened, they found that not all the powerful Shamans had to come from the Shaman Divine Temple, and there were still some experts among the general masses.

They were shocked by the fact that Yang Kai could cast the Bloodlust Spell at will without an incantation, which neither of them could achieve even if they worked together.

On top of that, he figured out a way to cure the demonised people in an extremely short time, which was by no means something an ordinary Shaman could do. This required an exceptionally broad vision and profound knowledge as a foundation.

Yang Kai’s casual performance had gained the respect of the twin sisters.

At the same time, by the instruction of Yang Kai, the other nearly one hundred demonised clansmen were gathered in one place. All of their eyes had turned black and although they were bound by Shamanic Spells, they still struggled madly. They roared wildly like beasts and bared their fangs to the clansmen before them, which terrified the others.

As Yang Kai waved his hand, a bright red light enveloped these demonised clansmen and a layer of light that resembled blood mist glowed from their bodies, slowly allowing a crimson glow to emerge in their pitch-black eyes.

After stimulating their Blood Qi, some clansmen immediately regained their consciousness, but others required more time.

The black Ancient Demon Qi kept flowing out of their seven orifices and under the light of the Purification Spell cast together by the dozen Shamans, that Ancient Demon Qi was eliminated as soon as they appeared.

While everyone was watching with relief, an accident occurred.

A dull thud was heard as a demonised clansman’s head exploded. A mass of red and white spurted out as this man’s body collapsed.

Everyone was taken aback, and even Yang Kai narrowed his eyes.

Things had not ended yet though. This accident was like a spark that set a prairie ablaze, with similar occurrences spreading rapidly.

Following a few explosions, more than a dozen Barbarian Warriors collapsed to the ground one after another and died.

Everyone could see clearly that before the death of these people, the red and black colours in their eyes constantly struggled with each other, as if the two were fighting internally over control of the body.

When the conflict between these two colours reached a certain limit, the clansmen could no longer bear it.

Fortunately, only about a dozen people among the hundred succumbed to this fate, while the rest were safe, simply passing out after the Ancient Demon Qi in their bodies was expelled.

After everything was settled, Yang Kai declared, “Remember, today’s encounter is a disgrace to our Shaman Niu Clan! The Demon Clan must pay for this a hundred times over in the future!”

About a hundred people in the army of three thousand people died facing the sneak attack from that group of Sand Demons, and although it was mainly because of the lack of information, it was still unacceptable. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

All the clansmen clenched their fists quietly, their chests becoming tight. They glanced at their dead companions, suppressing the anger in their hearts. They needed to wait for the right time to let them out.

After instructing the clansmen to take care of their comatose companions, Yang Kai beckoned, “Ah Hua!”

“Sir!” Ah Hua stepped forward.

“Send someone to inform the nearby allied forces of our encounter today and let them learn from it!”

“Yes!” Ah Hua received the order and immediately went to make arrangements.

Although about a hundred people in the Shaman Niu Clan died today, it was not for naught. At least they learned that the Sand Demons had the trick of concealing themselves below ground and could appear out of nowhere. They also discovered a method to counter the Ancient Demon Qi and cure demonified clansmen.

This was crucial information which needed to be reported as soon as possible so it could reduce the losses for other groups under other Shaman Grandmasters.

“Sir, since this was a trap, we can’t stay any longer.” Yue came forward and whispered. Previously, there were only several dozen Sand Demons, but if they delayed any longer, who knew if there would be more Demons coming.

Yang Kai nodded, “Pass down the order. We will leave after a quarter of an hour of rest.”

A quarter of an hour later, the fully equipped Shaman Niu Clan continued to march towards the North.

Just after everyone left, a bulge suddenly appeared in an open space in the middle of the village. The bulge slowly rose and turned into a dry-skinned Sand Demon.

He looked in the direction Yang Kai and the others had gone emotionlessly with his pitch-black eyes. Then, with a flicker, he sank into the ground and disappeared.

Half a day later, in a deep mountain cave, the Sand Demon suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

In the cave, a tall and slender woman with a short tail donning skimpy robes, exposing a large area of her snow-white skin, sat. This woman glanced over at the Sand Demon before she reached out and tapped his forehead.

Black Ancient Demon Qi gushed from the woman’s body and turned into a visible beam, wrapping around the Sand Demon.

The Sand Demon immediately seemed to have suffered inhuman torture and his usual emotionless eyes flashed with dreadful horror. Even so, he did not dare to resist in front of the female Demon and could only allow her to do what she wanted.

The female Demon’s eyes flickered continuously as fragments of the Sand Demon’s memories were glanced through by her, especially the scenes which had taken place at the small village.

It seemed that she had used some unknown trick to recreate the scenes the Sand Demon had previously seen. However, this method was obviously extremely overbearing and not something a normal person could withstand.

A moment later, the female Demon stopped and the Sand Demon fell to the ground feebly, his body so weak that he looked like he was about to die.

But the female Demon did not care about him at all, and sneered, “Damn Foreign Race, they really are coming.”

Nearby, a Demon with short stature and covered in Black Qi asked, “Madam, what happened?”

The female Demon turned around and sat on a large stone chair. She rested her chin on her small snow-white hand and replied lazily, “It’s nothing. It’s just that a group of our Sand Demons was killed, and the Foreign Race seems to have found a way to counter us.”

The short Demon continued, “Does Madam want this subordinate to lead his people to kill them?”

The female Demon shook her head, “No. The Demon Saints gave orders before they went into retreat to heal. They wanted us to just defend, so we don’t need to take any initiative to attack and cause more trouble.”

“Then… do we just let the Sand Demons die in vain?” The short Demon asked.

“Die in vain?” The female Demon laughed, but her eyes were piercing cold, “How could that be? I have committed the face of their leader to memory, and after the Demon Saints recover, I will settle accounts with him myself.”

As she spoke, she stretched out her pink tongue and licked her lips, a gluttonous look etched on her face. Her charming appearance made the short Demon tremble as he forced himself to keep his eyes away from her as cold sweat drenched his back.

This woman was a Charm Demon from the famous Charm Demon Clan. Even among the Hundred Clans of the Demon Race, her Clan was ranked quite high. Any man she targeted had never had a good end. Even if he was a Demon Great General himself, if he was immersed in the Light of Enchantment of this woman, he would soon lose his mind and become her toy.

It was a beautiful dream to spend a night with a Charm Demon, but if one would become a walking corpse after that, it was ultimately more a disaster than a benefit.