Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2852, Demon Cave

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Sir, where are we going?” Yue asked Yang Kai curiously.

Since they left the village three days ago, the marching direction of the three thousand man army had seemed very strange. There was no pattern at all, as if Yang Kai was navigating on a whim.

Logically speaking, Yang Kai was the leader of this group, and everyone must follow his orders.

But such a purposeless and strange march was confusing.

After enduring it for a few days, Yue finally could not hold her tongue and finally asked.

“Pass the order, turn southeast and advance at full speed!” Yang Kai yelled, then suddenly glanced at Yue, grinning, “Where else can we go? Of course, we’re going for revenge!”

[Revenge?] Yue and Lu who stood together were startled.

[Who are we seeking revenge from? Where?]

The troops had not been able to gather much information recently, and apart from the accidental attack in that village last time, everything had been calm for three days. It was to the point where they could not help but wonder if the Demon Race had retreated, so it was very puzzling that Yang Kai suddenly mentioned revenge.

Yang Kai did not bother explaining to her as he focused on tracing the faint connection guiding him in the direction they were headed towards. He looked in that direction with narrowed eyes, which flickered in a cold light.

A Sand Demon had been hidden in the village, which Yang Kai already knew at the time.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai did not finish him off immediately but instead quietly left a Divine Sense mark on him. Not long after his group had left the village, he could sense that the Sand Demon had begun travelling towards a certain direction, and stopped after half a day. In the past few days, the Sand Demon had not left that place, which meant that he had obviously returned to his hideout.

That was Yang Kai’s target!

The result of the first battle was not ideal. The army of three thousand troops lost a hundred people against just a few dozen Sand Demons. In the past few days, each and every Barbarian Warrior had been burning with rage and desire to avenge their dead companions.

That base was the best target for them to vent their anger, and the Shaman Niu Clan needed a tangible victory to boost their morale.

Their march the past few days had also not been aimless. If one observed from the sky, the Shaman Niu Clan had been marching in a circle with a radius of three hundred kilometres with the Demon’s base at its centre.

The situation was better than what Yang Kai had expected. There was no other Demon Race stronghold nearby. It seemed that it was the only base existing in this area of a thousand kilometres. In that case, once the Shaman Niu Clan started a fight against it, there was no need to worry about any attacks from behind.

The only question now was, how many Demons were there in this base? And what kind of Masters were leading them?

Half a day later, the army marched into a mountain col. Yang Kai slightly raised his hand, and the three thousand man army came to an abrupt stop.

An order was given to the clansmen to rest on the spot and restore their energy with some rations. Yang Kai summoned the dozen Shamans under his command for a short meeting next, and when they learnt about the Demon Cave located a hundred kilometres ahead, their faces were filled with shock and disbelief.

They had not seen Yang Kai take any unusual actions the past few days, and he did not even leave their group, so where did all this information come from?

The Shamans were worried after learning that Yang Kai was going to investigate the Demon Cave personally, and Yue and Lu even volunteered to take up this task in his stead. Although the two of them were just Shaman Masters, they went through intensive training in the Shaman Divine Temple for many years, and they had a good grasp of Concealment Spells. Spying did not require high strength, but if their whereabouts were exposed, they definitely would not end well.

Yang Kai naturally refused the twins’ good intentions.

After exchanging a few words with the Shamans, Yang Kai disappeared with a flicker. Tiea had gotten used to this odd technique of his, but the other dozen Shamans could not help dropping their jaws. They looked around for him but found no traces of Yang Kai.

After a while, Yang Kai flitted into the Demon Cave a hundred kilometres away like a ghost, the guards at the entrance completely unaware of his presence.

This seemed to be the middle of a mountain, its interior hollowed out. The space was huge, and the passage into the mountain was winding, which made it easy to defend but difficult to attack.

Yang Kai concealed his aura and hid his figure while spying for information here.

Without knowing whether there was a powerful Master assuming command here, Yang Kai did not dare to release his Divine Sense at will and could only investigate slowly.

There were indeed a lot of Demons of various different clans in the middle of this mountain. These Demons had different sizes and body shapes. The tall Demons appeared to be even more muscular than the most robust Barbarian Warriors, while some Demons were only about a metre tall, like miniature men. Nevertheless, all of these Demons exuded the Ancient Demon Qi that Yang Kai detested, and the varying intensities of this Qi allowed their strengths to be roughly estimated. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

It was Yang Kai’s first time being in such close contact with the Demon Race, and he did not know what kind of abilities they possessed. Therefore, he did not dare to act rashly.

As he swept through the Demon Cave in the middle of the mountain, Yang Kai quickly discovered something else of importance.

There were many demonised Barbarians confined here.

These Barbarians were obviously the clansmen of the four destroyed Clans. The intelligence said that the four Clans were wiped out and none of them survived, but it seemed that this was not the case. A portion of the Barbarians was transformed into Demons.

It was obvious that there was a big gap in status between these demonised Barbarians and the orthodox Demons. Any Demon could order and kick around a demonised Barbarian, while the latter would not complain at all. On the contrary, they were extremely cautious and obedient towards the Demons.

They were like slaves.

There were not only ordinary demonised clansmen, though, as Yang Kai even saw a few demonised Shamans, the strongest of which was a Shaman Master! But now, this highly respected Shaman Master among the Barbarians was treated like a slave, beaten and scolded by a short Demon, without the slightest complaint.

Shaking his head slightly, Yang Kai continued his investigation.

After a short walk, a sudden beastly roar mixed with indescribable hostility pierced the air.

Yang Kai frowned, followed the sound towards that side, and soon came to a huge cave.

In the darkness, many pairs of scarlet eyes suddenly lit up as if they had noticed something and focused their gaze on Yang Kai.

Yang Kai’s expression hardened as he quickly used his Nihility Secret Technique, exiling himself to the Void.

The red eyes continued staring for a while, before retracting themselves slowly.

Yang Kai could see clearly that the owners of these pairs of red eyes were giant beasts pulsing with Ancient Demon Qi. There seemed to be Barbarian Beasts among the Demon Race, or perhaps calling them Demon Beast would be more appropriate. As for what the difference between these Demon Beasts and Barbarian Beasts were, Yang Kai did not know.

After carefully observing these Demon Beasts for a while, Yang Kai released his Divine Sense slightly, and after confirming that no one else was around, he teleported next to a Demon Beast. In an instant, he covered it with his Divine Sense and stuffed it into the Sealed World Bead.

This action startled the other Demon Beasts and in an instant, hundreds of them stood up together, filling the cave with deafening roars.

A rush of footsteps drew near as obviously this uproar was noticed by the Demons and they had come to investigate.

However, Yang Kai had already flickered away.

When the Demons arrived, Yang Kai had already disappeared.

At this moment, Yang Kai was feeling slightly uneasy.

His sudden unplanned teleportation had brought him to a very unusual place. It was a very hazy grotto, one that was extremely empty, surrounded by strange rocks and stones.

And inside a room up ahead came breathless sounds that could make anyone who heard them blush.

The voice was tender and extremely pleasing to the ear, and the sound of it was like an invisible little hand plucking at one’s heartstrings, arousing the audience’s deepest desires.

Yang Kai hid in the dark shadows awkwardly, obviously conscious of what was going on inside this room.

Quietly, he checked the area quickly with his Divine Sense, and it was exactly the same as he guessed.

Inside the grotto, laid a strong and burly, naked Barbarian man on a stone bed, with a graceful, curvy figure sitting directly on top of him. Her delicate and fair body was drenched in fragrant sweat as she rode up and down continuously, gasping incessantly to catch her breath.

The movement of her snowy white figure sent Yang Kai’s head spinning and made his mouth dry.

A look of bliss and pleasure was etched on the face of the Barbarian Warrior, who lay motionless on the stone bed, completely drowned in lust. The visual from the strong contrast of the strong physique of the Barbarian and the tender body of the woman was almost irresistible to any man.

[Shameless!] Yang Kai cursed in his heart, and carefully withdrew his Divine Sense.

Although he did not investigate carefully, he knew that this woman was not to be underestimated. She should have the same strength as a High-Rank Shaman King, and was definitely the strongest Master he had encountered in this Demon Cave. Perhaps she was even the leader of this place.

The Demonic characteristics of this woman were quite obvious. Not to mention the vague Ancient Demon Qi surrounding her tender body, the short tail attached to her bottom was an apparent sign of her mysterious identity.

It was also fortunate that this woman was ‘distracted’ at the moment, otherwise, Yang Kai’s sudden appearance would definitely have alerted her.

Yang Kai was not really afraid of an existence comparable to a High-Rank Shaman King, but he was here just to gather some intelligence; thus, it would be bad if he alarmed the enemy.

Silently, Yang Kai waited for an opportunity to leave.

On the stone bed, the woman grew more and more excited, her hair flying about messily, waving in rhythm with her movements while her moans grew louder and louder.

When the woman was about to reach a peak, Yang Kai took the opportunity to leave, but a sudden black shadow appeared behind him and threw a dagger quickly towards his neck.

The dagger was a matte black without any shine, its existence had no trace at all, and there was no sign of movement from the black shadow before throwing the dagger, while Yang Kai, who was in the enemy’s lair, did not release his Divine Sense in time to defend himself.

In that moment he let his guard down, the dagger successfully landed on him.