Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2856, Slaughter Feast

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The battlefield seemed to have transformed into a huge meat grinder, crushing the creatures in it into paste.

One after another demonized Barbarians collapsed.

Although they were also born Barbarian Warriors, they had not been blessed by any Shamanic Spells, so after being demonized, they had lost their minds and their only instinct was to kill.

How could they win against fully equipped and enraged Barbarians with the blessings of Shamanic Spells?

Therefore, as soon as the two armies met, the Demon side suffered heavy casualties. The Shaman Niu Clan Warriors rushed over them like raging bulls, leaving no survivors wherever they passed.

The ten units, each with about two hundred fifty to three hundred people, were like ten sharp swords piercing into the formation of the Demon Race, led by their respective Captains.

Weapons clashed, heads flew off, and strong bodies fell down one after another, their eyes reflecting a hint of desire for home mixed with confusion. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The demonized clansmen did not know what they were doing even at the moment of their death. They had no idea why they had to block the way of their former Brothers and Sisters, or why they had to swing their swords at them.

Even so, they were being crumpled like dead leaves being swept. After just a stick worth of incense, the vanguard army of the Demon Race was completely crushed.

“Wastes!” Sha Ya, who was sitting behind the army, was not alarmed at all. She maintained her graceful pose as she looked at the deaths of the Demons in front of her emotionlessly.

Quite contrary to the Ancient Barbarians on the other side, it was not the first time the Demons were going to battle with the Barbarian Race.

Previously, they were under the lead of the Demon Saints, and had charged forth with unstoppable momentum, exterminating four Barbarian Clans easily. But now, when she took charge of the army, she finally realized the problem of facing this Foreign Race.

This Foreign Race and the Demon Race were basically equal in individual strength, but with the blessings of those contemptible Shamans, they immediately became superior to the Demons.

Shamanic Spells were truly amazing.

However, Sha Ya did not care at all as they were just a group of demonized slaves, so she naturally did not care about their deaths. The key of this war was not those Demons, not even the two armies, but the Shaman who was afflicted by the Green Demon Poison.

Looking into the distance and beyond the obstacles, Sha Ya saw a man completely covered in green light and curled her lips as she felt he was probably at his limit.

“Scatter!”

On the battlefield, Ah Hu roared and his voice echoed into the sky.

The Barbarians stopped their advance at the sound of this roar and changed their directions, dispersing in an orderly manner.

A group of short, round and red-skinned figures suddenly jumped out from behind the vanguard of the Demon Race. Each of these figures had a ferocious and excited look on their face, as if they had hot chicken blood flowing through their veins. Their bodies bounced off the ground, travelling several tens of metres each time as they fearlessly rushed towards the Barbarian Race.

It was the Red Demons!

Thanks to the knowledge the twins, Yue and Lu, learnt from the Shaman Divine Temple, the Barbarian Warriors immediately reacted after seeing these red-skinned Demons. Otherwise, they would have been seriously injured or even killed if they encountered them without a clue.

The dispersed Barbarians Warriors bypassed the Red Demons and continued charging forward.

The Red Demons pursued, bounding and bouncing towards the most concentrated gatherings with all haste.

*Xiu xiu xiu… *

Numerous sharp arrows came from high up in the sky, piercing through the air full of murderous intent.

Each of the arrows accurately hit the body of a Red Demon, setting them off. Their red skin became bloodier in colour, and a dreadfully dangerous aura gushed out of their bodies. Their originally round bodies suddenly expanded several times over before exploding with a loud bang. The explosive force was even strong enough to tear the local space.

“Oh…” Yang Kai looked at the fireworks in the air and could not help wiping the cold sweat on his forehead. The explosion of these Burst Demons was truly powerful. Although the explosion of an individual or even two of these Demons was not impressive, the impact of the explosion of a hundred of them could even take down a Shaman King.

He was really amazed by the Demon Race for being able to breed so many strange beings like the Green Demons and Red Demons.

On the other side, Sha Ya’s satisfied smile suddenly froze as she stared coldly at the Aerial Cavalry and gritted her teeth, “Damn it!”

According to what she knew, the Foreign Race should have little to no information about them; however, when the Red Demons appeared just now, the Foreign Race responded accordingly and completely neutralized their raid, which caused her to suffer a loss in manpower without any gain.

*Xiu xiu xiu…*

The sound of the arrows whistled through the air endlessly as all the Giant Eagle riders possessed excellent marksmanship, consistently landing killing blows from above. Each arrow could kill a bouncing Red Demon and save many of their fellow warriors’ lives.

“Kill them!” Sha Ya waved her hand.

Numerous wisps of black fog behind her suddenly merged into the void.

A moment later, a small figure appeared silently beside an Aerial Cavalry rider without warning and slashed towards his neck with a dark dagger.

The dagger was extremely sharp, and even Yang Kai suffered a minor injury from it scraping him. Therefore, if these cavalry riders were hit, their heads would definitely roll.

The archer who was sitting on the Giant Eagle drew his bow, unaware of the incoming danger, his eagle-like eyes locked onto a Red Demon below.

Just as the short Demon was about to succeed, another dagger suddenly appeared from nowhere, accurately blocking the attack right in front of the Aerial Cavalry archer’s neck.

The two daggers collided and the Demon who launched the sneak attack frowned while vigilantly retreating.

He was a born assassin; thus, he only attacked opportunistically and was surprised that someone managed to block his blow.

When he looked up, he saw a petite girl with a delicate body and long hair flying in the wind like a waterfall. She appeared next to the Aerial Cavalry and strangely wielded a dagger in each of her hands; one in an obverse side while one in a reverse side. She looked so fragile that the wind could blow her away at any moment.

[She actually uses two daggers?] The Assassin Demon frowned.

As an assassin, he naturally knew the difficulty of wielding dual daggers. It seemed that she was an assassin too, and a highly skilled one at that. He could not help licking his lips, secretly feeling exhilarated and looking forward to competing with her.

“Slaughter…” The girl suddenly opened her mouth, her voice was low, her head slightly raised, her expression pious, as if she were praying to some God.

“Hm?” The Assassin Demon was stunned.

“Feast!”

When the words fell, the girl fluttered like a butterfly, her posture so elegant and beautiful that anyone would become entranced upon seeing her dance.

Her black hair flew in the air as she radiated a freezing cold light.

The Assassin Demon did not have the mood to appreciate this beautiful sight though as he was shivering all over. Assassins needed exceptional mental clarity and stability, and given that he was one of the best assassins, his mental fortitude was particularly outstanding. Therefore, under normal circumstances, his emotions would remain completely unaffected by what happened around him.

But at this moment, he seemed to be witnessing a terrifying scene. While he was lost in fright, he also showed a sense of satisfaction, as if he would not regret it even if he died right now.

He was witnessing the most subtle method of assassination he had ever seen.

The cold light permeated the air, flashing as it shrouded an area of three hundred metres.

*Chi chi chi chi…*

Slashing sounds rang out as strange spurts of blood appeared mid-air.

When the girl stopped her dance, a string of blood beads dripped from the dual daggers in her hands.

*Pu pu pu… *

The hidden Assassin Demons abruptly appeared with expressions of shock etched on each of their faces. It seemed that they did not expect anyone could find them while they were hidden.

Every Assassin Demon had received only one wound, but those wounds were all fatal.

Their eyes were filled with disbelief as one by one, they fell from the sky, collapsing into the masses of blood on the ground, horrifyingly.

“What is… your name?” The Assassin Demon, who was facing the girl directly, asked blankly.

The girl turned her head and looked at him, replying indifferently, “Tiea.”

The Assassin Demon mumbled, repeating the name to himself as if to memorize it before, in the next moment, a jet of blood shot from his chest and he too fell, dying before even hitting the ground.

Although Tiea’s action deterred the Assassin Demons and saved the lives of the Aerial Cavalry, there were still more Assassin Demons hiding nearby.

A beam of light shot from below at that moment and turned into a circle of light, enveloping all the Aerial Cavalry in it.

The next moment, the eyes of all the Aerial Cavalry suddenly brightened, as if there was a torch burning in them. This light seemed capable of piercing through the veil of the world and illuminating all shadows hidden in the dark.

Eagle Eye Spell!

After receiving the support of a Shaman, the eyes of the Aerial Cavalry immediately locked onto the Assassin Demons who were lurking around them, waiting for an opportunity to strike. Arrows shot out rapidly, impaling these still unaware Assassin Demons.

These assassins naturally did not sit waiting for death though, and upon seeing that they were exposed, they immediately launched a decisive attack.

The Aerial Cavalry riding their Giant Eagles agilely dodged the assassins mid-air, rendering this charge futile.

Yue and Lu, who had just regained their composure, chanted an incantation at the same time, and after three breaths, a long lightning snake shot from the twins.