Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2860, After The Battle

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Afterwards, the battle ended very quickly. The Demon Race was already at a huge disadvantage with numerous casualties while Sha Ya pinned all hopes on Yang Kai turning to her side, but at the last moment, he was the one who delivered the killing blow.

Without their commander, the Demon Race army was just a pile of loose sand. There was no coordination between the various troops so they could only crash forward instinctively, but such a strategy was easily overcome by the Ancient Barbarians.

When Yang Kai led the twins back to the war, the situation had already become a one-sided slaughter.

The light of Shamanic Spells continued to flicker and blossom while Demons fell one after another. Even the most powerful Demons could not display any of their skills in front of such a united Barbarian army.

The Sand Demons who were good at escaping wanted to flee, but found that the Earth no longer sheltered them for some reason. The vast ground was dyed golden by the light of Shamanic Spells, and no matter how they used their Innate Divine Ability, they could not escape and were killed off one by one. The Shadow Demons, who could come and go without a trace, had also lost their advantages. Under the blessing of the Eagle Eye Spell, the Aerial Cavalry were able to locate these stealthy figures and shoot them dead one arrow after another. As for the most powerful Demon Cavalry, they had long ago been wiped out, leaving only their roaring Demon Beasts behind.

Screams reverberated continuously across the wilderness, horrifying anyone who heard them.

This was a victory for the Barbarian Race, a brilliant victory for the Shaman Niu Clan!

The last Demon fell, leaving the Ancient Barbarians panting heavily as they looked around with their scarlet filled eyes, only to see no enemies remaining.

Murderous intent permeated the surrounding world.

The clansmen stood on top of a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood like undefeated gods of war, looking awe-inspiring and invincible.

A warrior raised the weapon in his hand, and roared into the sky, venting his excitement and joy. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

More clansmen followed suit, and the successive roars were enough to arouse Heaven and Earth, darkening the Sun and the Moon.

Yang Kai, veiled in black Qi, flew into the air and looked around. He inspected every inch of the surrounding several dozen kilometres with his Divine Sense, and only after confirming that no fish had slipped through the net did he announce, “Clean up the battlefield and count the wounded!”

The ten main units received the order, and each became busy under the leadership of their Captain.

After this war, everyone had the highest level of respect for their commander.

The dozen Shamans looked at Yang Kai with worry, however, after all, the Demon Qi on Sir Shaman Niu was so obvious, and no one knew whether he would actually be transformed into a Demon. If that happened, this victory would be meaningless.

If the commander underwent demonification, any victory, regardless of how big it was, would still be a failure.

As if he read their thoughts, Yang Kai glanced at them and said without explaining, “Yue and Lu, take some people with you to the Demon Cave over there and begin inspecting it. This will be our base for the next few months.”

“Yes!” The twins received the order and immediately rushed towards Demon Cave along with the Elite Guards.

Soon, the report for the number of casualties in this war came out. More than two hundred of the three thousand clansmen in the Shaman Niu Clan were killed, which was almost equivalent to an entire combat unit, and almost all of the remaining Barbarians were injured. Such a loss could be regarded as a miracle and was mainly a result of Sha Ya’s carelessness. Her overconfidence had allowed the Ancient Barbarians to achieve such a lopsided victory.

She had placed all of her focus on Yang Kai, but was disappointed in the end.

In this battle, more than three thousand Demons were killed and there were even some captives taken.

The real Demons were already dead, while those captured were the Ancient Barbarians who had been demonised. These Barbarians were sent by Sha Ya to serve as the vanguard and were the first enemies the Shaman Niu Clan encountered.

Although Yang Kai had told his clansmen to not show mercy in battle, ultimately many clansmen chose not to kill in the face of their fellow Barbarians.

Therefore, many demonised clansmen survived; however, they were still mindless slaves to the Demon Race at this moment.

The more than a dozen Shamans gathered in one place, trying hard to save these clansmen without any idea if their efforts would bear fruit.

In addition to these demonised clansmen, the Shaman Niu Clan had also captured several dozen Demon Beasts from this war. It was much easier to handle the Demon Beasts, as they already had experience with the Demon Beast which Yang Kai brought back after his initial infiltration of the Demon Cave.

The Shamans tried a few methods and were pleasantly surprised to find that the Beast Taming Spell actually worked on these Demon Beast.

Although the Demon Beasts were more difficult to tame than regular Barbarian Beasts, as long as the Beast Taming Spell worked, these Demon Beasts could become mounts of the Shaman Niu Clan, with these several dozen Demon Beasts being sufficient to form a small cavalry unit.

The heroics of the Aerial Cavalry had long been envied by the other clansmen, and their desire to be able to perform similar feats was aroused again at the sight of the majestic Demon Cavalry earlier.

And now, the opportunity had come.

There were only a few dozen Demon Beasts, quite a small number compared to an army of three thousand Barbarians. Moreover, the Demon Beasts were not something that everyone could control. Even if a Shaman used a Beast Taming Spell to domesticate it, the Demon Qi these Demon Beasts naturally exuded could not be eliminated. To be able to ride on such a thing, one must first have the ability to resist the corruption of the Demon Qi.

All these factors led to only the most powerful warriors being qualified to ride these Demon Beasts and become members of the Cavalry.

Without any rest, the Shaman Niu Clan, after experiencing a big battle, spent an entire day cleaning up the battlefield.

Thousands of people dug a large pit together not far away into which all the bodies of the Demons were thrown. The Shamans then worked together to light up a large fire that filled half of the sky with orange light, incinerating the bodies and releasing a disgusting smell of burnt flesh into the surroundings.

The situation at the Demon Cave was also made clear during this time. Sha Ya never thought that she would lose this battle, so she basically invested all of her available combat power, leaving just a few Demons behind in the Demon Cave. When the twins and the Elite Guards entered, the Demons who were left behind were killed before they even had time to react.

The Demon Cave that was hidden in the mountainside instantly changed its ownership and became the Shaman Niu Clan’s base camp!

The clansmen spent the next few days recuperating; after all, everyone was exhausted after such a big fight, especially considering the aftereffects of the Bloodlust Spell that even the strongest clansmen could not avoid.

In other words, they would not have much combat effectiveness for the next few days. If a large number of Demons launched an offensive at this time, everyone would probably be slaughtered.

The dozen Shamans did not stop working either despite their exhaustion.

They had to treat the demonised clansmen, tame the captured Demon Beasts, and use Shamanic Spells to heal the injured clansmen, making all of them wish they could split themselves into ten or twenty clones. Yue and Lu’s complexion had been pale for the past few days due to lack of rest and overdrawn Shaman Strength.

Even Tiea was overexerting herself, not to mention the other Shaman Warriors and Shaman Apprentices. At times they would just fall onto the ground, snoring loudly, then wake up in a shock after a short rest, quickly wiping the drool from the corners of their mouths before continuing their work.

Yang Kai was nowhere to be seen during this time. After coming to the Demon Cave, he occupied a stone room that formerly belonged to Demon King Sha Ya, and anyone who came to see him was ignored.

No one knew his current condition.

In their private discussions, the Shamans expressed their worries for their commander, fearing he would suddenly turn into a Demon and they would be thrown into an internal war.

Naturally, Yang Kai couldn’t become demonised.

His condition was unexpectedly good, except for the lingering Demon Qi.

He first noticed something off when he was contaminated by the Green Demon Poison as, while it was not the most powerful poison in the Demon Race, it was definitely the most mysterious and difficult to deal with. It was complex, impossible to guard against, and had no other antidote other than submitting oneself to the Demon Race and undergoing demonification.

It was precisely because of this feature that the Green Demon Clan did not have much status in the Demon Race’s Hundred Clans, because their poison did not work on other Demons and was only useful against other races.

But despite Yang Kai having been afflicted with the Green Demon Poison, he did not feel the slightest discomfort, which led him to a vague conclusion.

In order to verify this speculation, he even took the risk of swallowing a drop of Sha Ya’s Demon Blood Essence.

As expected, even the blood of Sha Ya’s Demon Heart did not affect him, only changing the aura of his body slightly while eliminating the Green Demon Poison.

“Is it the Ancient Demon Qi?” Yang Kai mused to himself.

In his Dantian was sealed an extremely pure Ancient Demon Qi. Outside of Maplewood City, he was invaded by this Ancient Demon Qi and transformed into a nearly mindless Demon. It was only thanks to the sealing power of the Firmament Tree that he was able to regain himself.

After that transformation experience, Yang Kai figured he had developed a strong resistance to Demon Qi.

Unless the contaminated Demon Qi was purer and stronger than the Ancient Demon Qi in his Dantian, it should be impossible for it to affect him.

But whether it was the Green Demon Poison or Sha Ya’s Demon Heart Blood Essence, both were a far cry from the existence in his Dantian, therefore they couldn’t have any effect on him.

If even Sha Ya’s Demon Heart blood was completely inferior, just what was that Ancient One-Eyed Great Demon? Could it have been a Demon Saint? Yang Kai thought this was possible but had a vague feeling that the One-Eyed Great Demon he saw through the memories contained in the Ancient Demon Qi was probably a different kind of Demon altogether.

Because the Demonic War Hammer currently owned by the Embodiment was the weapon of the Ancient One-Eyed Great Demon, and the Demonic War Hammer was of extremely high grade, no worse than a Peak Grade Emperor Artifact.

An ordinary Demon could not possibly possess such a weapon; only true Masters of the Demon Race would be qualified to wield such a treasure.

Based on that memory, countless ancient powerhouses gathered together, burning the very essence of their lives in order to kill the One-Eyed Great Demon. After most of these ancient Masters sacrificed themselves for this noble cause, they managed to destroy the One-Eyed Great Demon’s body, but its single eye remained indestructible and those who were left were forced to seal it instead.

After countless years, the seal was partially destroyed and Maplewood City was thrown into a catastrophe. During that incident, Yang Kai obtained the Demon Eye and merged with it.

This was one of the trump cards he possessed, one he did not dare play rashly.