Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2864, Massacre

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Sha Ya suppressed a shiver and secretly decided never to stay in the same room with her alone again. The sense of crisis Tiea gave her was too strong, something Sha Ya never even felt when facing Sir Shaman Niu.

After Sha Ya reported the completion of her task, Yang Kai immediately summoned the Shamans and the Captains of each army unit.

The Shaman Niu Clan originally had twelve units, including ten standard units, the Elite Guard, and the Aerial Cavalry. Now that an additional cavalry group was added, Ah Hu was appointed as the Cavalry Captain.

As of now, the Shaman Niu Clan had thirteen units in total.

After briefing them, the Shamans and the thirteen Captains excitedly got to work.

After many days of training and recuperation, the Shaman Niu Clan was in excellent condition, and the victory of the previous battle had doubled their confidence. At this moment, another victory was crucial to maintain their morale.

Moreover, this was also the best way for the Ancient Barbarians to improve their strength.

After the war a few days ago, many Barbarians had felt that they had grown a lot stronger, especially the Captains and Vice Captains of each unit. As the best among the entire army, their individual potential had been forced out under the baptism of blood. Many other Barbarian Warriors had also grown tremendously from breaking through the shackles of Body Tempering that had been holding them back.

The current Shaman Niu Clan was desperate for battle.

Uneasiness agitated them during the period of tranquillity so they were naturally exhilarated when Yang Kai informed them to prepare for battle.

After some arrangements, the Shamans and Captains clarified the delegation of their tasks and positions, then separated.

At noon the next day, a group of uninvited guests arrived outside the cave.

It was a mix of about a thousand individuals, similar to the group commanded by Sha Ya before.

Reinforcements from the nearby Demons stronghold had come.

Sha Ya’s call was indeed very effective. She was a Demon King after all, and the leader of the closest Demon Race stronghold was just a Demon Great General. So after receiving Sha Ya’s order, he rushed over-eagerly to impress Madam Demon King in hopes that Madam Demon King would be pleased with him.

Therefore, the Demon Great General did not hesitate to bring all of his forces, totalling a thousand people. However, he felt something was not right as soon as he arrived at his destination.

It was mentioned in the orders of Madam Demon King that a foreign race attack had occurred during her cultivation, and she could not afford to be distracted; however, in the eyes of this Demon Great General, there were no traces of a battle here, and the surroundings were as tranquil as an ancient well.

This made him feel instinctively uneasy.

He did not rush blindly forward, but stopped about ten kilometres away from the cave and sent some Shadow Demons and Sand Demons over to investigate.

Right at that moment, a black shadow suddenly flew over from the front.

After sensing the aura hidden in the black shadow, the expression on the Demon Great General immediately turned solemn. Dismounting from his Demon Beast, he stood respectfully in place, waiting quietly for the black shadow to arrive.

A short time later, the infinitely alluring Sha Ya appeared before the eyes of this Demon Great General.

“Greetings!” The Demon Great General immediately saluted, all the while stealing glances at the beautiful parts of Sha Ya’s body. Although he was well aware of the horror of the Charm Demon Clan, he still could not stop his eyes.

[Madam Demon King is so beautiful! If I could spend just one night with her…] He gulped, breathing through his nose heavily.

“Have you brought all your people?” Sha Ya glanced down and asked.

“Yes, I have brought everyone at my disposal!” The Demon Great General responded respectfully, while also showing a hint of curiosity, “Madam, didn’t your message say that the foreign race was invading? Has the matter been resolved?”

[On second thought, since Madam Demon King has appeared, she must have taken action personally, so how could those damn foreigners survive against a Demon King?] The Demon Great General felt a little dejected that he had missed an opportunity to show Madam Demon King his capabilities.

“En, the matter has been resolved.” Sha Ya smiled lightly. This smile was like a blooming flower that dimmed all the other colours in the world. The Demon Great General stared at her stupidly as if she was all that existed in the universe. Sha Ya then continued, “But you have proven your loyalty by appearing right away upon receiving my orders. This Queen should reward your efforts.”

The Demon Great General answered excitedly, “This subordinate dares not to accept such a reward!” Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Although he said that, his expression was filled with obvious eagerness, and he seemed to be quite looking forward to what kind of reward Sha Ya would grant him.

And the promised reward was soon delivered. Sha Ya waved her hand gently at him, and the Demon Great General suddenly felt that his head was spinning. Blinking his eyes in confusion, he saw a familiar figure standing in front of him, its neck cleaved off cleanly while scarlet blood spurted out of it.

[Why does it… seem to be my own body?]

[Was my head chopped off?] That was the last thought flashing across the Demon Great General’s mind before his consciousness completely vanished.

As soon as Sha Ya acted, the Demons under the command of the Demon Great General were stirred up into a riot. No one knew why Madam Demon King killed their leader without a word; however, a Demon King was still a Demon King, so even though they felt panic and fear, these Demons remained in their places, looking at Sha Ya anxiously, waiting for an explanation.

The Light of Enchantment rippled across them at that moment, giving them Sha Ya’s answer.

The magnificent light engulfed the thousand Demons all at once, and all who were below the rank of Demon General immediately wore blank expressions. Although the Demon Generals were resisting with all their might, it was still in vain, because it was obvious that they would soon fall to this power.

Following a loud screech, the Aerial Cavalry flew quickly from a distance, and the ground began to tremble. Shaman Niu Clan’s army swarmed in from all directions, and at the front of the charge was Ah Hu’s cavalry. The Demon Beasts leapt forward, performing their best in this first war with their new owners on their backs. The assembly of the several dozen Demon Beasts boosted the spirits of the army to the sky.

The ten regular units followed behind the cavalry, running hard, unwilling to be left behind.

With a distance of just twenty kilometres, only a couple dozen breaths were needed to close in.

Sha Ya’s complexion paled slightly at this moment, seemingly unable to carry on.

Although she was a Demon King and the Light of Enchantment was her Innate Divine Ability, affecting a thousand people at once was still a difficult and intense task for her. Holding on until the Shaman Niu Clan’s arrival left her a little weakened.

The Light of Enchantment disappeared and the Demons woke up, but waiting for them were the rampaging Shaman Niu Clan warriors.

Screams echoed one after another, followed by the fall of one Demon after another.

The radiance of the Sun was incomparable to the brilliance of the Shamanic Spells cast during this battle, and the blood on the ground soon gathered into a murmuring stream.

Grief and indignation filled the Demons’ faces. Even on their last breath, they could not understand why Madam Demon King would help the foreign race to kill her own kind. Even the Sand Demons, who were the best at escaping, could not slip away under the shroud of the Shamanic Spells.

The foreign race could be seen everywhere, and even the sky was filled with them, shooting precise arrows, harvesting their lives.

The Demons had no chance to escape at all; what awaited them was inevitable deaths.

After realizing this, the Demons rose up to resist, but the huge disadvantage in numbers and a complete lack of preparation made their resistance pitiful at best.

Ah Hu led a cavalry composed of several dozen Demon Beasts through the Demon ranks, and everywhere they passed, the cavalry sent streams of Demons to their deaths like a sharp, invincible blade reaping wheat in a field.

Everyone’s weapons were stained with blood, and their murderous intent soared to the Heavens. The Barbarian Warriors who were blessed with Shamanic Spells were like invincible War Gods, and their monstrous aura could even shake the world, so how could these disorganized Demons stand a chance against them?

It was a complete massacre.

The performance of the Demons in the previous battle was quite impressive, and the two opposing armies fought each other on equal ground. If Yang Kai had not taken down Sha Ya at the last moment and thrown her into the Sealed World Bead, the Barbarians would definitely have suffered more casualties. However, the Barbarians dominated the battlefield in this ambush attack.

No matter how fiercely the Demons resisted, it was meaningless under the crushing pressure of the Shaman Niu Clan.

After a short half-day, the fight was over with the Shaman Niu Clan wiping out all the demons at the cost of only a dozen or so of their own.

The only ones left alive were the demonized clansmen!

This time, the Shaman Niu Clan did not kill those clansmen because these demonized clansmen fell under the influence of Sha Ya and did not participate in the battle.

The demonized clansmen had no sentience and just instinctively obeyed the orders of whichever Demon was nearby. In other words, any Demon could control their lives and give them orders.

On this battlefield, Sha Ya was the most powerful Demon, so she gained complete control of these demonized Barbarians all at once.

When the battle began, she sent these demonized clansmen away from the fight.

At this moment, they were all alive, and not a single one was injured.

There were quite a lot of them too, as many as three hundred.

This was also one of the biggest reasons for the Demon’s defeat. They originally had only a thousand people, so the loss of three hundred meant that almost a third of their army was instantly eliminated. It would be stranger if they had put up any meaningful resistance against the Shaman Niu Clan’s army of over three thousand.

After the battle, a quiet count was done as usual. The Demons had many weapons on hand, all of which were plundered by the Shaman Niu Clan.

Next, the Shamans rushed towards the demonized clansmen to begin their treatment.

It was still uncertain how many out of these three hundred could be saved. Although the twins had been working on a more reliable treatment method, they had only begun their research a short time ago and there were naturally no results yet. This batch of Demons could actually serve as test subjects.

With the help of Sha Ya’s deterrence, these demonized clansmen would not resist, which provided the twins more research opportunities.

All the while during the battle, although Yang Kai did not show up, and even Tiea did not take any actions, the Shaman Niu Clan still won a great victory at a minimal cost. Although this was expected, everyone was still unavoidably excited.

They were now looking forward to more battles and hoped that they could kill more Demons, eventually driving the enemy from their homeland.