Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2868, Get Along With Each Other

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The square-faced Demon Great General mounted a huge and majestic Demon Beast with a straight back, surrounded by Demon Qi.

He led the way, followed by two thousand subordinates. Some of these two thousand people were the demonised Barbarians who had lost their minds and only listened to orders blindly, while the others were from various clans of the Hundred Clans.

This was the power he could control now.

The army was not advancing at a high speed, as they were performing an inspection rather than heading to battle.

The square-faced Demon Great General was not in a hurry as Sir Bao Qi ordered him to bring his men just to meet Sha Ya’s requirement. As for whether or not he could provide real assistance to Sha Ya, that would depend on the situation.

The square-faced Demon Great General had no respect for the slutty Charm Demon. Of course, the main reason for it was jealousy. Furthermore, he secretly criticized Bao Qi, the Demon King he was subordinate to, for overreacting. That bitch had just casually asked for some reinforcements, and Sir Bao Qi was actually willing to send two thousand people out? Was that not too much? Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

That bitch Charm Demon must have pleased Sir Bao Qi very well for her to get so much support.

Thinking of this, the square-faced Demon Great General could not help revealing a wretched smile on his face. He had experienced a Charm Demon before, and it was indeed completely different from any other woman. As a Demon King among Charm Demons, Sha Ya would definitely be incomparable to other Charm Demons.

He thought to himself that he should also try out that bitch himself when he reached the Demon King realm one day.

While he was still deep in his thoughts, he suddenly noticed some abnormal movements.

The square-faced Demon Great General immediately snapped back to his senses and looked forward vigilantly. After seeing what was in front of him though, he could not help wondering out loud, “Lady… Sha Ya?”

He saw that Sha Ya, who had left just half a day ago, actually came to meet him from the front. Puzzled, he did not understand why this woman suddenly turned back after leaving. Nevertheless, even though he looked down on Sha Ya, she was a Demon King in the end, so the square-faced Demon Great General still had to show some appropriate respect.

The Demon Beast that he was riding stopped, and two thousand people behind him came to a halt.

“Bao Qi is really quite obedient…” Sha Ya muttered with a soft voice, revealing a meaningful grin.

The square-faced Demon Great General frowned and was suddenly alarmed. Sha Ya’s attitude and expression made him a little uneasy, so he instinctively looked around the environment, and his heart stopped.

He realized that this place was actually a wonderful ambush zone. It was surrounded by mountains towering into the clouds, and the only ways out of here were from the front and the back of their current position.

It seemed that something was surrounding them from all directions, and the ground trembled slightly. Such a movement could be felt by the most ordinary Demons, not to mention the square-faced Demon Great General himself.

As he listened carefully, his face suddenly changed drastically and he shouted, “Prepare for battle!”

When the words fell, huge shadows appeared out of nowhere, covering the light from the sky with their huge spread-out wings. The Demons looked up and saw that it was a flock of Giant Eagles.

One sharp arrow after another flew down from the Giant Eagles, and several dozens of people fell in pools of blood in an instant.

[We’ve been ambushed!] The idea immediately popped into the square-faced Demon Great General’s head, but he did not understand who ambushed him, and what role Demon King Sha Ya played in it.

Was he not here to provide reinforcements for her? How did he get caught off guard?

Although the reaction of the Demon Race was fast, the enemy moved faster.

After a round of arrows, high-intensity lights suddenly flickered in the jungle one after another from all directions. The circles of brilliance were colourful and dazzling. Several dozen grand Demon Beasts rushed out from the side, and the Barbarian Warriors who rode on their backs pulsed with murderous intent.

“Foreign race!”

The cry echoed to the sky.

The square-faced Demon Great General turned the direction of his mount, drew his weapon and raised it high. When he was about to shout something to boost the morale of his army, he suddenly smelled a faint, intoxicating fragrance.

At that moment, a soft voice came from behind him, “Thank you for your head.”

In the next moment, the vision of the square-faced Demon Great General turned in a different direction, staring at the Demon King Sha Ya in her skimpy clothes who was now in front of him. He felt some pain on the side of his neck, and when he looked down, he saw a headless body falling off the back of a familiar-looking Demon Beast.

The square-faced Demon Great General was suddenly killed before the war even began. All the Demons were dumbstruck by this scene and stared at Sha Ya blankly, panic running through their minds.

Sha Ya simply giggled and turned into a mass of Black Qi that flew away with a flicker.

At this time, the Barbarian Warriors who received all kinds of Shamanic Spell blessings had besieged them. The cavalry that charged to the front rushed into the enemy group with irresistible force, and with a cold flash, many Demons collapsed to the ground.

The ten regular units that followed closely behind fenced the surrounding space tightly, not allowing a single Demon to escape.

The battle started with a bang, but with five thousand people against two thousand people, and one side being well-prepared while the other was caught off guard, the outcome was all but fated.

Up in the air, Sha Ya’s figure reappeared, holding the square-faced Demon Great General’s head in her hand as she reported in a crisp voice, “Sir, my task is completed.”

Yang Kai nodded gently and looked down attentively, while Tiea stood like a shadow behind him.

The battle was heated right from the beginning, with the Shaman Niu Clan having the intention of exterminating the Demon Race group. Although the Demons who were attacked had no guidance from the Demon Great General, they were well-trained and able to hold together to resist the fierce attack of the Shaman Niu Clan while looking for possible ways out at the same time.

Screams echoed across the battlefield and bodies fell again and again. A bloody stench rose to the sky while broken limbs were strewn everywhere. The Demon Race suffered heavy casualties, yet few were suffered by the Shaman Niu Clan.

After three months of continuous fighting, the Shaman Niu Clan became familiar with war and learned to cooperate with and support each other. Although they had the upper hand in terrain and number of people, no one was rushing in recklessly. They slowly nibbled the defence line of the Demon Race step by step, and gradually wore them down.

Yang Kai only observed from up top for less than a cup of tea worth of time before retreating his gaze. He did not need to worry about the rest of the battle.

It could be said that he had not concerned himself greatly with this fight from the start. Yang Kai had simply requested Bao Qi to send two thousand people into his encirclement, then asked Sha Ya to kill the square-faced Demon Great General. The rest of the work would be done by the Shaman Niu Clan itself.

Sha Ya, with a head in her hand, felt bored about it and soon tossed it away.

An hour later, the dust settled.

Without Yang Kai issuing another order, the Captains of the Shaman Niu Clan started to count their losses, and the dozen Shamans began to treat the wounded.

After resting in place for half a day, the Shaman Niu Clan set out and pushed forward, leaving a messy battlefield behind before setting up camp in a place thirty kilometres away.

Three days later, another group of two thousand people arranged by Bao Qi entered the encirclement of the Shaman Niu Clan. This battle went almost the same as the one three days prior. Under the ambush and sneak attack of more than five thousand soldiers of the Shaman Niu Clan, the two thousand Demons were completely powerless to resist and were soon beaten and wiped out.

In every battle, the Shaman Niu Clan would lose some manpower, but it would gain more than what it lost.

This was because there were many demonised Ancient Barbarians among the Demon Race’s ranks. After three months of research, the twins Yue and Lu had mastered some tricks and methods to treat the demonised Barbarians. More and more clansmen were saved each time as they gained more experience, and the success rate only grew higher.

This was excellent news to them.

After another three-day break and the clansmen fully recovered from the backlash of the Bloodlust Spell, Yang Kai immediately led the Shaman Niu Clan towards the Demon City like a great flood.

Bao Qi originally had seven thousand men under his command, but he had lost four thousand to two ambushes. Now, there were only about three thousand troops stationed in the city, a number not worth worrying about.

When the Shaman Niu Clan arrived at the city, the Demon Race went into an uproar. It seemed that they did not expect this foreign race to be so bold. Although their numbers seemed large, the Demon Race still did not put the Shaman Niu Clan in its eyes.

They had a Demon King with them. Many Demons stood on top of the city wall, pointing to the crowd below while laughing and mocking, as if they believed that as long as Bao Qi made a move, he could simply wipe out these several thousand enemies.

However, what happened next made their jaws drop.

Sir Bao Qi did appear, but rather than slaughter thousands like they had imagined, he respectfully opened the city gates and allowed the enemies to rush straight into the city to kill the Demons at will.

Many Demons could not believe this was happening even as they breathed their last breath.

In front of the city gate, Sir Bao Qi, who they always looked up to, was lowering his head and speaking deferentially to a young man who had black Qi all over his body, as if he was facing a Demon Saint.

Many of them recognized this young man as the one who came together with Demon King Sha Ya a few days ago. At that time, everyone thought he was Sha Ya’s slave.

But now, it seemed that it was not the case at all, because even Sha Ya stood behind him and showed corresponding respect.

It was a messy battle, with the Demon Race being taken by surprise and Bao Qi not showing any intention to help from beginning to end.

In just one hour, the Demons stationed in the city were annihilated. Even the Sand Demons who were most proficient in fleeing could not escape this disaster. It was a tragic scene with corpses lying everywhere.

The soldiers of the Shaman Niu Clan cleaned up the battlefield, while Yang Kai and Bao Qi went to the central palace.

“Sha Ya will tell you what to do next. I’m going to enter retreat to cultivate, so don’t disturb me unless it’s urgent.” After giving his instructions, Yang Kai picked a room and secluded himself inside, leaving Bao Qi looking at Sha Ya with an unconvinced face.

Sha Ya smiled and remarked playfully, “I hope that we can get along happily with each other in the future.”

Bao Qi’s face darkened. It was impossible for him to be happy because he was not willing to obey Sha Ya’s orders; however, he dared not disobey Yang Kai’s words. As such, he just felt extremely uncomfortable, as if he had eaten a dead fly.