Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2869, Bold

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The site controlled by Sha Ya back then had a radius of ten thousand kilometres, and it took the Shaman Niu Clan three months to wipe out all the Demons in that area.

The territory Bao Qi controlled was quite a bit larger than Sha Ya’s and naturally had more Demons inhabiting it. Besides the roughly seven thousand soldiers stationed in the main city, there was almost the same number scattered amongst Bao Qi’s subordinates.

However, in just the span of half a month, with the city as its centre, the Demons within a radius of fifty thousand kilometres were slaughtered. All the Demons stationed outside were summoned by Bao Qi for one reason or another, and the Shaman Niu Clan would ambush them and conduct a thorough purge without facing any real resistance. This surpassed their efficiency in the previous three months many times over.

Both Bao Qi and Sha Ya were guessing who would be the next hapless Demon King to suffer this fate, and the two racked their brains to submit names of Demon Kings who had offended them before to Sir Shaman Niu, anticipating these former enemies’ fall.

Just when the two of them were scheming which Demon King would be the next slave in their hearts, Yang Kai came out and summoned both of them, giving them an order that horrified the two Demon Kings.

Without giving them a chance to question though, Yang Kai turned and left, leaving Bao Qi and Sha Ya gazing at each other with dismay while shivering.

“Isn’t this plan… too extreme? What if it doesn’t work…” Sha Ya was a little worried about the possible gains and losses.

Bao Qi was so shaken up that he even forgot to argue with Sha Ya as he usually did. Although Sha Ya had been unpleasant these days, he agreed with her on this issue and pondered whether he should try to persuade Sir Shaman Niu against his impulsiveness.

After some thought though, Bao Qi found that he did not dare to raise objections, so he finally just sighed and declared, “Since Sir gave us the order, we can only follow it. Sha Ya, you have to help me with this.”

Sha Ya immediately jumped away, “Sir asked you to do this. I’m not interfering.”

Bao Qi persuaded, “We are now on the same boat. Neither of us can stay out of trouble once it comes.”

Sha Ya chuckled, “Since Sir only wants you to do this, he naturally has his own reasons. If he wanted me to help you, he would have stated it clearly. If I help you, I’m afraid we might ruin Sir’s plan.”

Bao Qi frowned. Although he felt that Sha Ya was just making excuses, her logic was not unreasonable, so he could only sigh and make preparations.

Unlike Sha Ya, he had very little communication with Shaman Niu, as the latter had been cultivating in retreat since returning to the city half a month ago. It seemed that he had isolated himself from the rest of the world, but Bao Qi knew that he was well aware of everything happening in the city.

This air of mystery only made Bao Qi more and more afraid of Shaman Niu.

Not long after, Bao Qi stood at the city wall, pushed his Demon Qi, and condensed several black crows from his aura that flew up into the sky.

Bao Qi stretched out his hand and with a wave, sent the twenty or so black crows off in all directions.

Looking in the direction where the black crows flew, Bao Qi shivered. If the strategy this time was successful, the Demon Race would suffer a heavy loss. Although their foundation would not be shaken, it would definitely have a big impact on their morale.

The next few days were unremarkable. Shaman Niu Clan, who had been resting from the latest battle, recovered and recuperated in the city, while Yang Kai remained behind closed doors, working hard to reach the Shaman King Realm.

The different World Principles of this ancient world gave birth to a special group like Shamans, but no matter how many paths led to the highest peak, there was only one ultimate destination.

Yang Kai was already an Emperor Realm Master, so cultivating the Shaman Arts of this Ancient World allowed him to compare and contrast the two different cultivation systems. The more he cultivated, the more he saw his previous weaknesses, and Yang Kai believed that when he finally left this strange Sealed World, his strength would greatly improve, even if his cultivation did not.

Five days later, Yang Kai came out again and found Bao Qi and Sha Ya standing before his door respectfully.

“Let’s go.” Yang Kai gestured and took the lead, the two Demon Kings following after him promptly.

A day later, Yang Kai came to a halt above a stretch of wilderness and looked around, noting that it was extremely barren and empty.

“This is the place you chose?” Yang Kai asked.

“Yes!” Bao Qi replied respectfully, hesitating for a moment before continuing, “We can change it if Sir is not satisfied.”

“No, let’s use this place.” Yang Kai nodded, took a deep breath, then summoned a round bead into his hand.

Bao Qi and Sha Ya watched curiously, wondering what this bead was. Demon Beasts and Barbarian Beasts on this land possessed Monster Cores, but they had never heard of Shamans possessing one.

A very strange power exuded from this round bead, and it did not resemble a Monster Core in the slightest.

Just when they were still puzzled over this item’s identity, the bead began spinning at an increasingly rapid rate. Suddenly, the spinning bead disappeared and was replaced by a visible vortex, inside of which was a chaotic, light-consuming nothingness that seemed to lead to another mysterious world.

Both Bao Qi and Sha Ya stared blankly, but realization quickly dawned on them.

The World that this whirlpool led to was obviously the same place they were sent into before. In that World, this Shaman Niu was omnipotent, comparable to a real God!

It turned out that that World was transformed from this bead!

[What kind of beads could have such peculiar abilities? What kind of treasure is this thing? I’m afraid that even the Demon Saints don’t have such a treasure, right?]

In spite of his shock, Bao Qi still advised, “Sir, with all due respect, although this entrance looks mysterious, it may not be able to deceive the other Demon Kings as they are all cautious fellows. They may not believe it even if I assure them that this portal leads to the inheritance of a fallen Ancient Saint.”

Just as Yang Kai planned, Bao Qi sent out a message that he had discovered the Sealed World of a fallen Ancient Saint. The last time the Demon Race invaded this world, a Demon Saint indeed fell, so this statement was also backed up by evidence and should be able to arouse the interest of a lot of Demon Kings.

The Sealed World of a fallen Ancient Demon Saint may contain secrets that could allow any Demon King to take a step further in their cultivation, and any Demon King who had a desire for power would be unable to restrain his curiosity to explore this place.

As long as those Demon Kings could be tricked into entering this entrance, no matter how many of them there were, they would be crushed in an instant by Yang Kai and eventually become slaves.

Bao Qi had always felt that this plan was too risky and there was not much hope of success; therefore, he was reluctant to send out messages and even thought of dragging Sha Ya down with him.

And looking at this situation, it seemed his worries were appropriate.

He passed on the message, and he believed that many Demon Kings would come, but the vortex in front of him… did not look like the land of the fallen Ancient Demon Saint at all. In fact, it looked exactly like a trap, so which Demon King would stupidly enter it?

Yang Kai smiled slightly, “What you said makes sense, but what if it’s like this…”

As he spoke, Yang Kai’s expression became solemn, and immediately afterward, a surging and pure Demon Qi suddenly rushed out his body. Bao Qi and Sha Ya were horrified at the sight of this Demon Qi and felt some instinctual fear and suppression welling up from deep inside their hearts.

Because even their Demon Qi was incomparable to the one Yang Kai exuded, which had the same feel as that of a Demon Saint.

“Sir… Are you a Demon?” Bao Qi suddenly exclaimed with excitement.

After being subdued by Yang Kai for so many days, and even though he had accepted his fate, deep down he still felt unwilling, but he did not dare to show it; after all, he was a Demon King, and it was shameful to be subdued by a foreign race. Only a shameless bitch like Sha Ya would feel indifferent to this kind of situation.

A Demon King should have the pride and dignity of a Demon King.

At this moment, Bao Qi could not help feeling excited by that pure Demon Qi exuded by that young man before him.

That was the aura of a true Ancient Saint! Could this young man be a descendant of that Ancient Saint? Indeed, when the Demon Race invaded this land last time, they did leave a trace of their bloodlines behind.

It was even rumoured that there was a tribe called the Bone Devouring Clan among the foreign race which had the blood of the Demon Race running through their veins.

If Sir Shaman Niu was the descendant of and inherited the bloodline of an Ancient Demon Saint, it would not be shameful to submit to him at all. The more Bao Qi thought about it, the more he realized it was possible. Bao Qi’s eyes gleamed as he suddenly felt a sense of closeness towards Yang Kai for the very first time.

Sha Ya too, had her jaw hanging wide, gaping at Yang Kai stupidly. A thought flashed across her mind soon after as she finally understood why her Demon Heart Blood Essence was unable to have any effect on Shaman Niu back then.

How could the blood of her Demon Heart have any effects on him when such pure and potent Demon Qi was hidden in his body? Was he really a Demon? But he led the foreign race to slaughter countless Demons these past few months, not showing the slightest sign of sympathy or compassion. If he was really a Demon, why was he fighting against the Demons?

In any case, the pure Demon Qi flowing out of Yang Kai’s body at this moment could not be faked.

In the face of the shock and questioning of the two Demon Kings, Yang Kai just smiled lightly without answering, his mysterious expression only making Sha Ya and Bao Qi even more agitated.

Of course, Yang Kai was not a true Demon. The Demon Qi that was mobilized at this moment was just the Ancient Giant Demon’s Qi which was sealed in his Dantian.

Yang Kai would not have dared to access this force at will if he had not cultivated Shaman Arts lest the seal break and Yang Kai was accidentally consumed by it, demonizing him permanently.

But the Shamanic Spells seemed to have the ability to suppress Demon Qi, so it was still safe to draw out some Demon Qi. As long as the seal was not completely unlocked, Yang Kai was not in any danger of becoming a demon.

The pure Ancient Great Giant Demon Qi floated slowly out of Yang Kai’s hand towards the vortex, camouflaging its appearance.

In an instant, the addition of the Demon Qi turned the vortex leading to the Sealed World Bead into a mysterious place with huge secrets about the Demon Race. This was sufficient to attract any Demon to investigate. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Even Bao Qi and Sha Ya felt the same way. If they had not seen Yang Kai transform the vortex with their own eyes, they would have found a way to go in and take a look.

Bao Qi’s expression became serious and remarked admiringly, “In this case, Sir will have no trouble fooling those idiots.”