Chapter 2877, World-Destroying Black Brilliance

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The clansmen did not understand why they had to come to a stop and all turned to Yang Kai before looking in the direction of his gaze.

More and more clansmen turned their eyes to the sky in the distance and somehow felt their hearts begin to palpitate.

Suddenly, a black dot appeared over the horizon. Although the black dot was small, it was particularly conspicuous.

In the beginning, the small black dot was only quietly hovering in the sky, emitting a frightening aura, but after only three breaths of time, the small black dot suddenly plummeted.

As it fell, the small black dot expanded rapidly, just like a black hole that devoured all things, turning everything inside of it into nothingness.

“Black Brilliance!” Bao Qi’s eyes widened as he exclaimed while Sha Ya’s face turned bloodless as she stared at the rapidly expanding black hole with fear and panic. She could not even utter a word, and if not for Yang Kai being right beside her, perhaps she would have just turned around and run away immediately.

Yang Kai’s heart sank.

Although he did not know what the so-called Black Brilliance Bao Qi mentioned was, he could still feel the world-destroying aura it gave off even from so far away. The location of the Black Brilliance was obviously Twin River Boundary, which was the assembly point for the South Barbarian Clan!

This was a conspiracy, a conspiracy to destroy the forces of the South Barbarian Clan!

The Shaman Kings of South Barbarian Clan had no idea, nor did the Shaman Grandmasters of the South Barbarian Clan. Yang Kai knew now, but it was too late.

“How is that possible? How is that possible…” Bao Qi kept muttering in shock, as if everything he saw before him was incomprehensible.

“What is it?” Yang Kai turned to him.

Bao Qi took a deep breath and explained, “It’s a natural disaster in the Demon Realm, which consists of a strong corrosive force that can even disintegrate the land itself. Once it appears, ordinary Demons stand no chance of resisting it, and even the Demon Kings are forced to retreat. But… how is it possible for Black Brilliance to appear here?”

The Demon Realm was a defiled land. Compared to this world, the environment of the Demon Realm was dreadfully bad, and natural disasters occurred frequently.

Black Brilliance was one of the many natural disasters of the Demon Realm. No one knew what it was or why it occurred, but it would take away a huge number of Demons’ lives every time it appeared along with destroying a vast area of land in the Demon Realm.

That was why the Demon Race needed to fight endlessly to explore and conquer new Great Worlds. Of course, fighting was their inherent nature, but they were also doing it for their own survival.

Nevertheless, every Great World conquered by them would become fragmented within tens of thousands of years, and then they would have to turn to another new Great World, causing the cycle to repeat again and again.

Bao Qi did not understand why Black Brilliance, a natural disaster of the Demon Realm, appeared on this land, but that didn’t change the reality in front of him. He was afraid that no one would survive in the land covered by the Black Brilliance.

While talking, the Black Brilliance had expanded and covered almost half of the sky, looking like a giant meteor crashing heavily to the earth from the Heavens above.

There was no unusual noise, but the land was wrapped in darkness in an instant. The darkness gradually spread to its surroundings and the Demon Beasts in the Shaman Niu Clan became more and more restless, shaking their hooves irritably. They refused to go forward regardless of how the warriors on their backs urged them.

“Tiea!” Yang Kai shouted.

Tiea looked at him.

Yang Kai instructed calmly, “If I’m not back in an hour, lead everyone away from here.”

Tiea nodded gently.

“What do you want to do, Sir?” Bao Qi looked at Yang Kai in wonder but did not get any response.

The next moment, with a flash, Yang Kai who was sitting on the back of his Demon Beast, disappeared.

“He…” Sha Ya turned to the area enveloped by the Black Brilliance with an uneasy feeling, and vaguely saw a trace of a figure advancing towards that direction at a high speed, vanishing from her sight in the blink of an eye.

Bao Qi’s face turned ugly, “What is he doing!?”

The Barbarians gathered under the exploded Black Brilliance were dead without a doubt. Now the best plan was to retreat immediately, yet as the commander of this army, Sir Shaman Niu actually put himself in danger, which left Bao Qi confused.

“It’s over, it’s all over.” Sha Ya seemed to have lost her soul as her eyes went completely dull.

If she had not been marked by Yang Kai’s Soul Imprint, she would be cheering for Yang Kai to die as soon as possible, but now that she shared a Soul connection with him, she could not help worrying about Yang Kai’s safety.

This was obviously not a wise move. Yang Kai was clueless about the horror of Black Brilliance, but the Demon Race knew it better than anyone.

If even Demon Kings had to retreat under this circumstance, how could Sir Shaman Niu, who was supposedly only as strong as a Demon Great General, end well by going there? VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The two Demon Kings exchanged helpless looks as they could only pray that when Yang Kai arrived there, the Black Brilliance would stop.

It was uncertain if their prayers really worked, but the darkness in the distance only lasted for less than a stick of incense worth of time before gradually dissipating. This surprised both Bao Qi and Sha Ya, because in the Demon Realm, once the Black Brilliance erupted, it took at least a few days to several months for it to end. During this period, a vast area of land would vanish and turn into nothingness and even the local World Principles would be destroyed. It could be said that the dilapidation of the Demon Realm had a great relationship with the existence of Black Brilliance.

It was the first time they have seen such a short-lived Black Brilliance that only lasted for a stick of incense worth of time. In fact, they had never even heard of such a phenomenon before.

However, it was strange for Black Brilliance to appear in this world in the first place so the two speculated that either it was due to the Demon Saint Mo Duo, or some ability of Great Demon God which transferred an existing Black Brilliance in the Demon Realm to this place. Of course, no matter how amazing such abilities were, there would always be various restrictions, which was probably the biggest reason why the duration of the Black Brilliance was so short.

At the same time, Yang Kai also noticed this and advanced towards his destination fearlessly, despite knowing that a Demon Saint was present. He did not even know why he wanted to rush over as there were likely no survivors, but there was an impulse in him that compelled him to move forward.

To his surprise, he suddenly wondered if he had fully adapted to his current identity as a member of the Ancient Barbarian Race and his role as a Shaman Grandmaster.

After shaking his thoughts aside, Yang Kai put all his focus into his eyes as he scanned the area in front of him, especially the giant pit up ahead which seemed surrounded by vague figures.

It was too far away, so even with Yang Kai’s eyesight, he could not see the situation there clearly.

But he knew that the clansmen of the South Barbarian Clans were not all dead, and there must still be some survivors. The Demons obviously had long anticipated this though, so they were surrounding the huge pit and were waiting to finish off those Barbarians that had not died in the initial blast!

With a fluctuation of Space Principles, Yang Kai leapt forward again and again.

The Demons surrounding the huge pit began to charge down once the Black Brilliance faded and with the advantage of descending from the high-ground, they were like wild beasts that attempted to devour all the Barbarians.

The Barbarian survivors gathered together under their respective leaders and fought back with all their might.

Unyielding roars began to reverberate and the noises of fighting and killing filled the air.

The huge pit corroded by the Black Brilliance suddenly turned into a bloody battle. The Demons approached the Barbarians from all directions, and the survivors of the South Barbarian Clan shrank their line of defense little by little without showing any signs of surrendering.

However, the huge disparity in numbers and the initial damage caused by the Black Brilliance to the South Barbarian Clan left the Demon Race at an absolute advantage.

It was only a matter of time before the South Barbarian Clan perished.

At this time, Yang Kai arrived on the battlefield.

He rushed down all the way from the periphery of the huge pit, waving the broad Myriads Swords wildly. Wherever the sword light flashed, blood and flesh would splash out. Yang Kai was like an invincible conqueror, plowing his way through the abyss of death, terrifying countless Demons in his way.

Many Demons noticed his existence, and the Masters of various Clans rushed at him fearlessly, but all failed to stop his pace and ended up slaughtered by the sword. Even those powerful Demon Great Generals were unable to resist a single blow from Yang Kai, with the residual power of the Myriad Swords turning many into clouds of blood-mist.

Thirty kilometres away, a pair of elusive eyes observed this scene. The owner of the eyes was a fair-skinned young man with a long figure. Yang Kai’s appearance seemed to add a ripple in the stagnant water of the war, and aroused some of this man’s interest.

Several Demon Kings gathered around him respectfully, and occasionally checked his expression in awe.

A young man who could humble the Demon Kings must be…

Demon Saint Mo Duo!

Before seeing his true face, perhaps no one would have thought that the murderer who brought the Black Brilliance to this World and killed two to three hundred thousand members of the South Barbarian Clan with one strike was actually a fair-skinned, harmless-looking young man.

There was no trace of Demon Qi on him, as if he were just an extremely ordinary Human.

But the Demon Kings who were familiar with him all knew the horrifying truth of this Demon Saint. The warmth on his face was just a meaningless disguise.

One of the Demon Kings noticed Mo Duo’s change of expression, and asked carefully, “Sir, do you need me to teach him a lesson?”

This was the battle to rebuild the prestige of the Demon Race, and most of the foreign race already lay dead at their feet. This battle was used to strike at the morale of the foreign race, to show them the consequences of resisting the Demon Race; therefore, they could not allow those foreigners to be even a little presumptuous. The foreign young man who made a clean sweep in the battlefield obviously went too far, which also made the Demon King want to kill him.

Mo Duo shook his head, and replied with a faint smile, “Everything is as it should be.”

The Demon King immediately stopped speaking, and stared coldly at the battlefield, as if looking forward to seeing how Yang Kai was going to die.

The pit was extremely huge, occupying a radius of at least a hundred kilometres.

And this whole area of a hundred kilometres was one battlefield!

Almost the entirety of the South Barbarian Clan had gathered here under the order of the Shaman Kings. When the Black Brilliance exploded, more than two-thirds of their number had instantly succumbed to death’s embrace, while none who survived was unscathed.

The forces of the Demon Race were also quite impressive, representing the combined troops of more than a dozen Demon Kings, which totalled some hundred thousand strong.

At present, about two hundred thousand people were gathered here, which was almost the largest battle since the outbreak of the war between the two races, but the situation was extremely unfavourable to the Barbarian Race.