Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2879, Rushing Out

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Teleportation did not work here, because the World Principles were severely damaged and warped by the Black Brilliance, so space itself was extremely unstable. As long as Yang Kai could find a way to leave this pit, he could use his most proficient skills at will.

This huge pit with a radius of one hundred kilometres was the greatest obstacle in his path.

Yang Kai tried to rush out of the battlefield without anyone noticing at first.

But he was still quickly spotted.

One of the Demon Kings with a pair of wings did not seem to be interested in besieging Shaman Dang and instead stood mid-air with his arms crossed, watching the situation coldly.

Yang Kai’s unusual behaviour soon attracted this man’s attention. At first, he watched Yang Kai trying to escape out of this place with great interest, but soon he began to feel a little agitated. Because he found that this foreigner was quite capable, and no one could stop his pace. Hundreds of people died at his hands along his path of escape.

Seeing that the foreigner was about to kill again, the winged Demon King could not stand it anymore. With a flap of his wings, he rushed down and blocked Yang Kai’s way with a spear in his hand. A fist-sized dark energy ball gathered rapidly at the tip of the spear as he thrusted it at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai leaned sideways slightly and hurriedly lifted up the Myriads Swords, looking very flustered.

His panic made the Demon King laugh, his face full of glee. It seemed that he had foreseen the scene where Yang Kai was pierced to death.

But the result surprised him. Not only did the foreigner not die from his stab, he actually made use of the force of the attack to rebound away lightly from him, and escape outwards at once.

The Demon King frowned and muttered, “So lucky!”

He attributed all this to Yang Kai’s good luck, never once suspecting that this was all planned by the other party.

As the words fell, he began to chase after Yang Kai. Although he failed to kill the foreigner in one strike, he could not let the prey escape under his watch, for he was a Demon King. Senior Mo Duo was overseeing this massacre personally, so all the Demon clansmen were performing at their best. If he could not even take down a little brat, he was afraid that he would be punished.

No longer holding back, the Demon flapped his wings strongly and arrived above Yang Kai in the blink of an eye. He swung the spear again and plunged down fiercely, but this time the dark energy ball on the spear tip was no longer the size of a fist, but the size of a washbasin.

The aura of the energy ball had also become extremely terrifying, which was not a blow that even a Demon King could survive easily.

The foreigner who was busy breaking through the lines, seemed to be completely unaware of the approaching danger, simply focusing all his attention on the Demons around and ignoring the Demon King above him. But before the strike landed, the foreigner finally seemed to have sensed danger and lifted his sword to parry the tip of the spear directly.

The energy ball exploded with a loud bang. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The Demon King was caught off guard and immediately took a few steps back. When he stabilized his body and took a look again, the foreigner had escaped another thousand metres. He was running faster and faster while none of the Demons could hinder him for even a moment. The long, broad sword in his hand was like a death scythe, and whoever touched it would suffer severe wounds or die directly.

This foreign brat had inexplicably countered his two attacks and escaped further with the help of the rebound force, which could no longer be explained by just luck.

The Demon King’s face changed as he shouted angrily, “Damn it, I’ll rip you to pieces!”

He felt that he was being taunted and teased by a foreigner whose strength was lower than his own, and he could not help becoming embarrassed about it. With a furious pounce, his speed shot up dramatically and he instantly caught up with Yang Kai.

He made his third move, but this time he went all out. Without any reservation, his Demon Qi surged and the power of the spear thrust he made was truly frightening.

Yang Kai had to turn around to face him this time, swinging the Myriads Sword with one hand while performing various hand seals with the other, in coordination with the incantations uttered from his mouth, resulting in the dazzling brilliance of powerful Shamanic Spells.

The two clashed.

This fight was extremely tough for Yang Kai, but not because the opponent was strong, for he was now a peak-level Shaman Grandmaster. Although he was still one step away from Shaman King, he had the experience and foundation of an Emperor Realm Master and possessed many Divine Abilities and skills that were not supposed to be possessed by a Shaman Grandmaster.

He even had the ability to kill the winged Demon King who had been chasing him all the time like a shadow.

But killing this Demon King would undoubtedly attract the attention of the Demon Saint.

Therefore, Yang Kai had to use just the right amount of strength and feign a look of going all out while ‘luckily’ managing to survive under the attack of his opponent while constantly being at risk of death. Nevertheless, doing this in the midst of a chaotic battlefield under such great pressure was no easy task.

Fortunately, Yang Kai was no ordinary individual and managed to pull off this little show effectively. The Demon Saint was still paying attention to him, but he did not pique too much of his interest. He kept retreating while fighting with his opponent and purposely retreated towards the edge of the huge pit.

On the other hand, Yang Kai’s opponent was getting more and more annoyed, while a strange sense of discord arose in his heart.

This foreign brat was like an undying roach that was always somehow able to survive his furious attacks. Although he fought embarrassingly and seemed to be in constant danger, he could always slip away in a moment of crisis.

The winged Demon King launched more and more fierce attacks on Yang Kai, but he was unable to kill him as he wished. On the contrary, the aftermath of their clashes ended up killing many Demons instead.

He could feel that his colleagues were pointing at him beside the Demon Saint in the distance, as if they were mocking his incompetence.

He finally reached the limit of his tolerance.

A vicious look flashed in his eyes, and he stabbed Yang Kai with the spear again. With difficulty, Yang Kai resolved the attack, but the Demon King revealed a cold smile and shouted ferociously, “Go to hell!”

At the same time, a number of feathers on his right wing suddenly turned red and shot out, hitting Yang Kai’s chest like in an instant like an invincible spear.

This was the Demon King’s Innate Divine Ability. Compared to the unlimited use of Sha Ya’s Light of Enchantment, his Innate Divine Ability relied on his own feathers, which were carefully refined, and would vanish after use. His feathers were the consumables needed for his Innate Divine Ability.

Nevertheless, this ability had great lethality.

The Demon King would not use this ability in normal circumstances, but this foreign brat had humiliated him beyond his tolerance, so he urgently wanted to kill him to save his face.

Yang Kai’s hair stood on end as he was shrouded by an unprecedented sense of crisis, the alarm in his heart ringing wildly.

He had not encountered such a crisis in a very long time and there was a chance he could not resolve this attack easily even if he had his full strength.

He instinctively stretched out his hand, but this time he did not use a Shamanic Spell…

“Exile!”

A black hole that seemed to be able to devour everything in the world appeared in front of him.

Seeing this scene, the face of the winged Demon King changed drastically as he gawked at the black hole and almost turned around to run away.

Because the black hole looked notably similar to the Black Brilliance that burst out before. When Demon Saint Mo Duo used his awe-inspiring ability to transfer the Black Brilliance to this land earlier, he witnessed the instant destruction to the foreign race with his eyes. He was just a Demon King himself, so it was natural for him to fear the Black Brilliance.

But soon he realized that he was wrong.

This was not a Black Brilliance, because his feathers actually managed to shatter this black sphere directly. Although the force of the feathers was greatly reduced, they were still shooting straight at the foreign brat.

Everything happened in a flash, and when the feathers broke through Yang Kai’s Space Technique, he had no choice but to roar, “Dragon Transformation!”

Behind him, an illusory phantom of a huge golden dragon appeared and roared loudly into the sky, drowning out all other noises of the battlefield, shaking the world itself.

Demon Saint Mo Duo, who had been paying attention to the battlefield far away, finally had a change of expression. A pair of sharp eyes that seemed to be able to penetrate through the barrier of space instantly fixed on Yang Kai at that moment.

The illusory phantom of the Golden Divine Dragon disappeared into Yang Kai’s body after a flash.

*Kacha…*

His somewhat scrawny looking body suddenly enlarged to twice its normal size as his exposed skin became covered with scales. Both Yang Kai’s hands turned into sharp dragon claws that could crush metal and stone, while two short Dragon Horns emerged from his forehead.

The Myriads Sword, which was quite large for a sword, now seemed like a child’s toy in Yang Kai’s hand.

The red feathers struck Yang Kai squarely in the chest with a sharp noise, but they did not take his life as the Demon King imagined they would.

After executing his Dragon Transformation, Yang Kai’s physique was greatly enhanced, and his skin became covered with tough Dragon Scales. Although the Innate Divine Ability of the winged Demon King was extremely lethal, his feathers only managed to penetrate a finger’s length into Yang Kai’s flesh before losing all their power, having almost no effect on the latter.

The winged Demon King was stunned by this transformation as he did not expect the foreigner to possess such an ability. At the same time, the aura of the foreigner made him feel dreadfully uneasy.

He instinctively felt that he was no match for this strange-looking youth in front of him. Followed by a strange cry, he thrust forward with his long spear again while preparing to escape after using a feint.

However, Yang Kai actually grasped the long spear tightly with his dragon claw and yanked on it fiercely.

The winged Demon King was pulled towards him involuntarily.

Yang Kai took a step forward, tossed up his Myriads Swords, then clawed the Demon King in the chest with his free hand.

With a puff, the dragon claw pierced into the winged Demon King’s chest like it was made of paper. Yang Kai withdrew that claw a moment later, bringing with it a beating pitch-black Demon Heart.

When their eyes met in close proximity, the Demon King wore a horrified look while Yang Kai’s face was ice cold.

With a clench of his fist, Yang Kai crushed the Demon Heart in his grasp and the winged Demon King let out a shrill scream. At the same time, he was blasted into a blood mist by the terrifying Dragon Aura. Another of the three Demon Hearts in his body was crushed in an instant, leaving only the last one, which fled away as if it had a spirit. Within the Demon Heart was a black Qi that contained a consciousness. It was clearly the winged Demon King’s Soul that had been shrunk down countless times in size, hiding within his last Demon Heart.

Yang Kai did not pursue this heart, however, not because he didn’t want to, but because he didn’t have time to.

Even if this winged Demon King had two of his Demon Hearts destroyed, he could still revive with the aid of his last Demon Heart, though his strength would definitely be greatly reduced. Therefore, he would not be a concern in the near future.

Yang Kai hurriedly turned around and rushed out of the huge pit.

He was already close to the edge, and after just ten breaths of time, Yang Kai reached the top of the crater, only to find himself blocked by a figure that was neither tall nor burly; however, the shadow cast by this man seemed to cover the whole sky.