Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2888, Two Years

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The World wept as countless lives were extinguished.

It had been two years since the invasion of the Demon Race, and during this time, the two races fought thousands of battles. More and more Barbarian Clans were destroyed, and one Demon Race army after another had been slaughtered. War raged across the north of this world with warriors dying every moment of every day.

About a month ago, the Shaman Saints and Demon Saints had finally fully recovered and left their seclusion one after another. The two sides fought with each other again; however, everyone held back their strength this time and mostly probed the enemy this time.

Compared to two years ago, the Barbarian Race was at a disadvantage due to the addition of Demon Saint Mo Duo to the Demon Race side. The extra Demon Saint had broken the balance between the two sides.

Everyone who survived through the two years of grim war had grown a lot.

The only remaining army of the South Barbarian Clan grew stronger and stronger in the war, and it had now expanded to as many as a hundred thousand people. The reputation of Shaman Niu also spread throughout the two races. It was no longer a secret that he enslaved ten Demon Kings, and it was precisely due to these ten Demon Kings that the Shaman Niu Clan could remain ever triumphant in this long war.

Two years was enough to bring about a lot of changes.

The greatest change was the endless reinforcements of the Demon Race from the hole in the World Barrier. Although this opening wasn’t completely stable, and powerful Masters could not pass through it freely, weaker troops could come and go as they pleased.

But this did not deter the Barbarian Race’s desire to recover their lost land.

Almost every Clan of the Demon Race Hundred Clans had their own Innate Divine Ability, and without the ten Demon Kings who Yang Kai had subdued, the Barbarian Race would have suffered a great invisible loss. The Demon Kings knew the details of the Demon Race like the back of their hand, which Yang Kai had already summarized and passed onto the leaders of the other Great Clans. With this information, the Barbarian Race was able to drastically reduce their losses, otherwise, the war would not have been so smooth for them.

Although the Demons kept flooding in from the passage between the two worlds, compared to two years prior, the defence line of the Demon Race had shrunk to just a two thousand kilometre radius from the passage. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

All the Demons gathered here, while various Great Clans of the Barbarian Race stationed themselves at the perimeter of this two thousand kilometre region. Millions of warriors from both sides now confronted each other in this place.

An incomparable huge rift stood in the sky, the large gap unable to close up due to the constant infusion of vigorous Demon Qi. The sight was truly terrifying, and it could be seen clearly by all even from very far away.

It was like a never-healing scar in the sky.

This was the channel torn open by the Great Demon God of the Demon Realm with his terrifying means. The Barbarians called it the Two Worlds Passage.

As long as this passage was not closed, this war would never end.

All the leaders in the Barbarian Race were aware of this; therefore, over the past two years, all the Barbarians had been working hard towards this goal, besieging the Demon Race everywhere, forcing them back so they could seal the Two Worlds Passage.

As long as Two Worlds Passage was sealed, the source of the reinforcements for the Demon Race would be cut off. No more Demons would be able to come from the Demon Realm, and the Demons remaining in this land would also be weakened, making them fish on the chopping block.

Several large-scale attacks by the Barbarian Race were resisted by the Demon Race, with many demonised Barbarians being used as sacrifices to hold back the enemy. Both sides suffered injuries, but there was no way for the Barbarian Race to break through to the Two Worlds Passage.

Yang Kai had gone out to check the Two Worlds Passage several times personally and confirmed that it was really connected to another Great World and even allowed the World Principles of that world to interfere with the native World Principles. Even if he was proficient in the Space Principles, he could not repair this gash with his current strength.

Only if he became a Great Emperor would that be possible.

He was just a High-Rank Shaman King now, and while he seemed to be very close to becoming a Great Emperor, he was still far away.

Over the last year or so, he had broken through from the Low-Rank Shaman King Realm to the High-Rank Shaman King Realm. It was a miracle without a doubt. No one had ever advanced so quickly in the history of the Barbarian Race, but Yang Kai did. Of course, part of the reason was that he had the attributes of an Emperor Realm Master to begin with, but the biggest help was the Sacred Treasure that was given to him by Shaman Dang before he died.

When he first obtained the Sacred Treasure, Yang Kai did not notice anything special about it.

Only after becoming a Shaman King did he become aware of the secrets of the Sacred Treasure.

Every time he cultivated in retreat, the Sacred Treasure seemed to turn into a medium that connected him to the Shaman Divine Temple.

The Shaman Divine Temple was the most sacred place to all Barbarians. Historical records and precious Shamanic Spells of all the Barbarian Masters over countless years were accumulated there, and Yang Kai was able to roam the Shaman Divine Temple with his Soul while he possessed the Sacred Treasure, allowing him to see the wonderful abilities of countless mighty experts and all of their legendary legacies.

This knowledge was much more extensive than what was passed down to him by the Evergreen Divine Tree.

After discovering this, Yang Kai understood why the Shaman Kings of the Bone Devouring Clan attempted to rob the Sacred Treasure from him. Obviously, they knew the value of the Sacred Treasure for cultivation and wanted to obtain it for themselves.

A Clan with a High-Rank Shaman King definitely could not be underestimated, not to mention one that had ten Demon King subordinates.

As the last remnants of the South Barbarian Clan, the Shaman Niu Clan had been recognized and approved by various Great Clans of the Barbarian Race. The twins, Yue and Lu had also successfully become Shaman Grandmasters and ranked only second to Yang Kai in the Shaman Niu Clan. Other Shamans had more or less improved too, with those who had followed Yang Kai since the beginning becoming the backbone of the Shaman Niu Clan.

Tiea remained the same, however. It seemed that the two years of war did not bring any changes to her, nor did her cultivation improve in any noticeable way.

She did not seem to care about the war at all and simply followed Yang Kai all the time. She never appeared when Yang Kai did not need her, but as long as Yang Kai looked for her, she would always be there.

It was as if she could read Yang Kai’s thoughts.

Even after two years together, Yang Kai could not see through this woman’s thoughts.

The closed door was knocked on, and Yang Kai sighed softly, ending his wandering in the Shaman Divine Temple. He put away the Sacred Treasures as he looked up, “Come in.”

The twins, Yue and Lu, pushed the door in with overly serious looks.

“What are the new orders from the Shaman Saints?” Yang Kai looked up at them. The sisters were just summoned by the Shaman Saints to discuss the matter together with the Shaman Kings of the other Clans. They actually did not have the qualifications to attend such a meeting, for they were just Shaman Grandmasters, but the situation of the Shaman Niu Clan was somewhat special, so no one fussed about Yang Kai not showing up personally.

During this time, Yang Kai had been cultivating, so he handed over the administrative matters of the Shaman Niu Clan to Yue and Lu.

Looking at their faces after coming back from the meeting, Yang Kai realized that something serious had been decided.

“The time for the final battle has come!” Yue replied, her voice trembling.

Yang Kai raised his brow, “Have they found a way to seal the Two Worlds Passage?”

This was the difficult problem the Barbarian Race urgently needed to solve. As long as the Two Worlds Passage was sealed, the Demons who invaded this land would be cut off from support, and the Barbarian Race would be able to eliminate them sooner or later.

However, this was also an unsolvable problem. Even the four Shaman Saints were incapable of shutting the Two Worlds Passage, which was the reason for this unending war between the two races. Both sides knew that the war would not end easily unless the Two Worlds Passage was closed.

But right now, the Shaman Saints suddenly declared a final assault. The thought that naturally came into Yang Kai’s mind was that they had found a way to seal the Two Worlds Passage.

This was great news, but Yang Kai did not think that the Shaman Saints possessed such ability. It was not him underestimating them, but simply a fact.

“They seem to have found a method.”

“Seem to?” Yang Kai frowned, “Is that how the Shaman Saints answered you?”

Anything uncertainty was intolerable in war, for a single accident would be enough to doom hundreds of thousands of people.

Yue continued, “By the looks of the Sirs, they seem quite confident, but they did not explain much about it.”

Lu pressed on, “The Sirs want you to meet with them immediately.”

Yang Kai touched his chin, “It seems like they really are confident.”

If they were not confident, they would not specifically ask him to meet them again. The reason that they did not explain it clearly was because they were afraid that those Shaman Kings could not keep the secret.

Without delay, Yang Kai left the Shaman Niu Clan’s station and rushed to the location of the Shaman Saints.

He had been here several times before, so he was familiar with the way. However, later on, when he had to cultivate, he did not want to waste time and just ordered Yue and Lu to represent him in meetings. Ever since then, he did not show up when the Shaman Saints called.

However, the situation now was obviously somewhat unusual.

In a simple and crude hall, Yang Kai saw Shaman Saint Xu.

Saint Xu was a special existence among the four Shaman Saints. He was an extraordinary character by any measure in any time, be it the past, present, or even future, because although he was a Shaman Saint, he did not know much about Shamanic Spells and instead relied completely on his physical prowess to reach his current height.

He was a Master who achieved Sainthood through Body Tempering.

The Warriors of the Barbarian Race focused on Body Tempering too, but in the past hundred thousand years, only Saint Xu had achieved Sainthood this way.

In the battle of the Saints two years ago, almost all the Shaman Saints and Demon Saints were injured while Saint Xu was the only one who escaped unscathed and returned with the other three Shaman Saints. His strength was unquestionable.

Although Xu was a Shaman Saint, he did not put on airs and Yang Kai had dealt with him several times, having a good impression of him. No matter what happened, this Shaman Saint was always smiling and seemed exceptionally amiable.

The other three Shaman Saints were absent, which Yang Kai felt slightly relieved about.

It was not because he was afraid, but he wanted to avoid the troubles of meeting the Shaman Saint of the Bone Devouring Clan; after all, there was a deep resentment between the Shaman Niu Clan and the Bone Devouring Clan. Back then, Yang Kai killed a Shaman King of the Bone Devouring Clan, and the Shaman Saint of the Bone Devouring Clan had been deeply upset with him ever since. If the Shaman Niu Clan had not been performing remarkably well in the war between the two races, killing numerous Demons and making great contributions, the Bone Devouring Clan would have attacked the Shaman Niu Clan long ago. This was also one of the reasons why Yang Kai did not respond to the summons of the Shaman Saints previously.

Xu looked young, barely forty years old. He had a wide mouth and nose, a square head and big ears. His dark red complexion, burly body, unusually long arms that almost hung down to his knees and extremely wide palms that appeared as if they could lift a huge mountain or block a river gave him a somewhat comical appearance.

Every time Yang Kai saw him, he was amazed by the fierce and surging vitality coming from his body, and this was after Xu restrained his aura to the maximum possible extent. If he had been unleashing his aura, his vitality alone would be a shocking sight to see.

Yang Kai believed that if a giant dragon appeared in front of Saint Xu, he could tear it apart with his bare hands.

If Yang Kai’s body was like the rising Sun, Shaman Xu’s body would be the scorching noon Sun. One would feel burnt just by standing before him.