Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2890, Seven-Coloured Mud

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The whooshing noise filled the air as a few rounds of arrows were fired. The cavalries of both races suffered some injuries and the several-dozen-kilometre distance between them slowly narrowed, allowing the cavalries of the two races to clash with one another. Blood spurted everywhere in an instant, as flesh was cleaved from bone.

The cavalries of both races were knocked to the ground one after another. The ones who lost their mounts often died where they landed within ten breaths of time. It was the same for both the Barbarian Race and the Demon Race.

The arrows were still being fired, but their targets were no longer their opponent’s cavalry but the archers of both sides. This was an archery competition; whoever had better marksmanship and agility would have the upper hand.

The Barbarian Race suffered a small disadvantage. The Barbarian Spirit Archers were riding on flying Barbarian Beasts, so all their evasion relied on the mounts. On the other hand, all the archers from the Demon Race flew under their own power, which undoubtedly gave them better mobility.

The dull war drum echoed endlessly, as if it were a call from Ancient Times, arousing the excitement in the hearts of all Barbarians.

Just after a stick of incense worth of time, the clashes of the cavalries of both sides resulted in mountains of corpses and rivers of blood.

The initial confrontation was followed closely by the collision of ordinary Warriors. Millions of Barbarians and Demons tore into each other as if they had agreed upon it in advance. Everyone had only one thought in their mind, kill all the enemies and win the final victory.

The world had turned into a furnace, with flesh and blood as the coals, and the flames of war burning more and more furiously.

The Shaman Niu Clan remained unmoved, however, its members all standing quietly just outside their camp, watching the battle in front of them. The hundred thousand clansmen were almost unable to contain the impulse to charge in their hearts.

“Take this to the bottom of the Two Worlds Passage!”

Tiea suddenly came to Yang Kai and handed him a mass of Seven-Coloured Mud.

Yang Kai took it and turned to her in surprise.

“This is the key to victory!” Tiea remarked solemnly.

“Why is it you?” Yang Kai asked.

Tiea shook her head and did not answer, but urged, “Go!”

Yang Kai threw all distracting thoughts out of his mind as he did not have time to ask too much. He clenched the Seven-Coloured Mud in one hand, raised the Myriads Sword in the other, and bellowed in a deep voice, “Kill!”

As the command fell, the hundred thousand warriors of the Shaman Niu Clan roared, their exhilaration apparent on their faces.

They had waited for too long and watched many of their clansmen get slaughtered by the Demon Race, so their hearts had long been eager to charge forward. Even death was better than standing in place as mere observers.

Yang Kai’s order came just in time, or it could be said that Tiea’s message came at the opportune moment. Right now, the morale of the hundred thousand warriors of the Shaman Niu Clan had reached its peak.

Yang Kai charged at the head of his army on his Demon Beast, while thousands of troops in the cavalry led by Ah Hu followed closely behind. Amidst the army, hundreds of Shamans of various Realms chanted their incantations. They started with blessing the army with Light Body Spell so that everyone could keep up with Yang Kai and the cavalry, and then began casting all kinds of auxiliary Shamanic Spells.

All of a sudden, colourful lights flickered.

The Myriads Sword was still lifted high, and the dazzling sword light surged forth, as if Yang Kai was waving a grand banner, guiding the direction of the Shaman Niu Clan.

As he charged, Yang Kai was thinking about the Seven-Coloured Mud in his hand, wondering what it was.

Tiea was undoubtedly the messenger mentioned by Shaman Saint Xu, but Yang Kai had no idea why it was her. However, it was meaningless to think about this at the moment. Right now, he needed to understand how this lump of mud was the key to the war.

Yang Kai could not understand what this Seven-Coloured Mud was, only that it was a high-grade material. If it existed in the future, it would definitely be an extremely rare precious treasure, something that would cause a reign of terror with its emergence.

This was not the important point though.

The important point was that Yang Kai felt a vitality in this Seven-Coloured Mud. This vitality was familiar to him, but he could not recall where he had felt it before. This Seven-Coloured Mud undoubtedly had the special effect of blocking out Divine Senses, so even if Yang Kai held it in his hand, he could not probe its interior to examine this life aura.

[The Shaman Saints expect the thing in the mud to seal the Two Worlds Passage?] Yang Kai was having doubts. He could not help thinking this was a joke, but Shaman Saint Xu’s expression a few days ago did not seem to be one made in jest.

The arrow was already fitted to the string, and it had to be released. The Shaman Niu Clan bore an important responsibility right now, and it was not the time for second-guessing. Yang Kai put aside his doubts and led the army to charge forward.

The world suddenly trembled and rumbled as a Heaven-destroying and Earth-shattering aura rippled.

The aura was so powerful and frightening that it sent chills down everyone’s spines.

The two races that were in the middle of battle were stunned for a moment as they looked around, only to see a seven-coloured giant dragon as long as a thousand metres, swaying and flying out from the rear of the Barbarian Race and rushing towards the rear of the Demon Race.

Another terrifying aura emerged behind the Demon Race as a pitch-black light soared up into the sky and towards the seven-coloured dragon at an extremely fast speed, almost reaching it in the blink of an eye.

The Shaman Saints and the Demon Saints had begun their fight. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The attacks from both sides collided in the sky over the battlefield, resulting in a startling bang. The seven-coloured and black lights began to wrestle, neither side giving way to the other.

The sky cracked like another terrifying Two Worlds Passage was about to open.

Everyone felt like they lost their balance, as if the ground they stood on had turned into a stormy sea, one with deadly waves that could swallow them whole at any moment.

Everyone suddenly felt a sense of insignificance at this moment and panicked.

The first exchange between the Saints of the two races ended in a draw. The gigantic seven-coloured dragon and the black beam vanished together and nine figures with profound auras suddenly appeared in mid-air.

The five Demon Saints and the four Shaman Saints stared at each other, and while the Demon Saints were grinning, the Shaman Saints looked indifferent.

After staring at each other for a short moment, the nine Saints clashed once more. The fight was not as fierce as in the beginning, because they all cared about their people below; however, as they rose higher into the sky, they started to unleash their world-destroying abilities.

The nine Saints soon disappeared, carrying out their final battle high above the clouds. No one could see the situation of that battle and could only hear bursts of rumbling noises from the sky while the occasional, dazzling radiance would make it seem as if a second Sun had risen.

The bloody war between the two races started again in heated spirits.

A hundred thousand clansmen of the Shaman Niu Clan threw themselves into the battlefield that was covered in millions of people. It was like a stone tossed into a lake, causing a small ripple which was quickly dispersed.

All their allies seemed to have been given clear instructions.

Wherever the Shaman Niu Clan passed, fellow Ancient Barbarians would surround them from all directions, charging out in front of them, and open a path for the hundred thousand Shaman Niu Clansmen with their own flesh and blood, slaughtering all Demons who blocked their way.

Overlooking from a high altitude, the Shaman Niu Clan mercilessly charged all the way into the battlefield of the two races like an awl. They were unstoppable, and their allies continued to support them from all sides to eliminate the Demons who tried to stop them, allowing the Shaman Niu Clan to pass through quickly and safely.

An hour later, besides a few hundred Demons who died under Yang Kai’s sword, the Shaman Niu Clan did not encounter any real battles. This was unimaginable on such a violent and chaotic battlefield.

All the credit for this feat, however, belonged to the rapid response of their allies.

But even this support was reaching its limit after an hour.

Due to the allies’ support, the Shaman Niu Clan successfully broke through a hundred kilometres, but because of such a rapid breakthrough, the line of the armies was stretched too thin. The Shaman Niu Clan now had to fight on their own, with fewer and fewer allies around to support them.

The Shaman Niu Clan almost fell into a situation where they were isolated and had to fight alone.

Yang Kai had expected this to happen, though, and came prepared.

He had assigned the ten Demon Kings to guard the two flanks of the Shaman Niu Clan. Fei Li and Mo Ke Tuo, who were the most powerful Demon Kings under his command, were arranged in the rear position. Therefore, even without the support of their allies, the pace of advancement of the Shaman Niu Clan was still unstoppable. In fact, the Shaman Niu Clan was getting faster.

There were Demons in all directions, and the hundred thousand clansmen of the Shaman Niu Clan finally saw the scene they were waiting for. They swung their weapons excitedly while following behind Yang Kai, killing all Demons who dared block their way.

“Mo Ke Tuo, Fei Li! How dare you betray our Demon Race? You are all disgraces to our proud Demon Race. Die here now!”

A roar came from the front as more than twenty Demon Kings gathered in one place, each of them releasing a powerful aura. Their Demon Qi converged like an insurmountable high wall, blocking the Shaman Niu Clan’s path.

Yang Kai took out his sword and swung it horizontally, releasing a long, brilliant sword light at the twenty Demon Kings. All the faces of the Demon Kings changed as they felt the terrifying power of this blow and quickly scattered away without hesitation.

The wall of the Demon King that was blocking the way immediately fell apart.

And before they could stand firm, an overwhelming Shamanic Spell struck them.

The Demon Kings were infuriated and immediately launched counter-attacks one after another.

Followed by a flicker, Yang Kai disappeared from the back of the mount. When he reappeared, he was behind a Demon King, slashing down his Myriads Sword. The Demon King, who was on par with a Mid-Rank Shaman King, did not even have time to react before he was split in half by the sword, and his internal organs spilled all over the ground.

Yang Kai did not even spare a second glance at this victim before teleporting behind another Demon King, chopping off his head with his sword, then sending a palm towards another nearby Demon King.

Yang Kai launched three attacks and killed three Demon Kings like he was swatting flies.

This horrified the remaining Demon Kings. Demon Kings were all superior Masters; since when were they killed so easily? No one really knew what happened to allow this foreigner to possess such incredible power.

The morale of the Demon Kings immediately reached the bottom, and if it weren’t for the orders of the Demon Saints, perhaps they would have turned around and fled.

Fortunately, the foreigner seemed to have consumed a lot of his energy killing three Demon Kings and showed no intention of slaughtering the rest, instead returning to his mount.

Exchanging looks, the remaining Demon Kings suppressed their fear and surrounded him again.

“Stop them!” Yang Kai bellowed.

The faces of Bao Qi and Sha Ya, who guarded beside Yang Kai, turned ugly at his command, and they hesitated for a moment.

Yang Kai glared at them furiously.

Only then did Bao Qi and Sha Ya grit their teeth as they flew towards their past companions.