Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2891, Seeing The Evergreen Divine Tree Again

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Bao Qi and Sha Ya couldn’t stop more than ten Demon Kings, everyone knew that. The Demon Kings knew it, and Yang Kai knew it.

Although they were the first two Demon Kings who took refuge under Yang Kai, their refuge was not of their own free will, so their so-called loyalty was greatly reduced. Yang Kai had never expected them to submit to him sincerely and willingly obey his orders. He only needed to be able to control the lives of these Demon Kings.

They were outnumbered, and their situation was disastrous, but if they violated Yang Kai’s order, they would definitely die on the spot.

Therefore, Bao Qi and Sha Ya only hesitated for a moment before they flew out to intercept the Demon Kings.

Fortunately, these Demon Kings seemed to be extremely afraid of Yang Kai’s strength and intended to let him pass. They did not attack Bao Qi and Sha Ya but chased and fought with them to stall for time.

Bao Qi and Sha Ya were overjoyed and played their strongest cards, flickering left and right to the Demon Kings who were surrounding them.

The one hundred thousand Shaman Niu Clan members continued their push forward.

This was an extremely difficult advance, and the further they went, the greater the resistance they encountered. Although the Demon Kings did not dare to get too close, attacking from afar to disrupt the Shaman Niu Clan’s pace was easy enough.

The clansmen were constantly falling behind like snowflakes falling to the ground that quickly melted away.

Even with the support of Demon Kings like Mo Ke Tuo and Fei Li, this situation could not be avoided.

Looking up at the Two Worlds Passage that was still far away, Yang Kai raised his hand to summon the Insect Enslavement Bracelet and released the Soul Devouring Insects living inside. The Soul Devouring Insects had grown greatly during the two years of war and the Shaman Niu Clan had relied on these Exotic Insects to win a number of brilliant victories.

The Soul Devouring Insects were not very effective in dealing with powerful Masters, but they had a great effect on those below the Demon King realm.

Large swarms of insects flew out with a loud buzz, and wherever the swarm of insects passed, Demons would scream and collapse to the ground. These Ancient Exotic Insects could consume almost anything, including Demon Qi and Souls, for food.

The seemingly weak insects were in fact extremely tenacious. Even if the swarm was hit by the sharpest weapon, it would only leave a scratch.

As soon as the swarm of insects emerged, the Demons all around retreated, which greatly reduced the pressure on the Shaman Niu Clan.

The Shaman Niu Clan continued to forge ahead, paying a heavy price for almost every step forward.

The one hundred thousand people gradually reduced to ninety thousand, eighty thousand, fifty thousand…

After an hour, when the Shaman Niu Clan finally rushed to the bottom of the Two Worlds Passage, Yang Kai turned his head and looked back, only to find just thirty thousand of his clansmen remaining from the original hundred thousand who followed him here.

This was the core of the Demon Race’s territory, with not a single ally in sight. The Shaman Niu Clan was truly in a situation where they were completely isolated and surrounded.

Out of the ten Demon Kings, only Mo Ke Tuo and Fei Li remained. The other eight were sent out by Yang Kai on the way, and based on Yang Kai’s perception, half of those eight Demon Kings were dead, while the condition of the remaining half did not look good.

“Form up!” Yang Kai raised his sword and shouted.

The thirty thousand clansmen immediately created a defensive circle with Yang Kai at its centre, establishing a firm guard.

The swarm of insects gathered around the perimeter of this formation. These tiny insects had shown their terrifying lethality before, so they served as a strong deterrent towards the Demon Race.

The reduction in numbers in the Shaman Niu Clan had made the formation more compact, and in turn, made the defence sturdier.

Yang Kai flipped his hand and took out the Seven-Coloured Mud. Looking up at the sky, right above him was where the Two Worlds Passage was located. Yang Kai could even feel the Demon Qi flowing in from the rift in the sky that had not remained for several years. The surging Demon Qi emitted a spine-chilling and violent aura that left everyone feeling extremely uncomfortable.

“I hope this works!” Yang Kai muttered softly before throwing the lump of Seven-Coloured Mud in his hand on the ground and staring at it.

His action undoubtedly attracted the attention of the surrounding Demon Kings. Although they did not know what he was doing, these Masters instinctively felt anxious. The Shaman Niu Clan obviously had a clear goal, and that goal had something to do with the Two Worlds Passage seeing how they recklessly rushed to it without even worrying about their losses.

How could the Demon Kings just sit back and watch?

After a series of orders were issued, the Demons that surrounded the Shaman Niu Clan finally launched an attack.

The swarm of insects surged forward and engulfed a large number of Demons, but it was not enough to stop the mighty current of incoming attacks.

The thirty thousand clansmen of Shaman Niu Clan stood their ground, with the Shamans singing incantations, blessing all of the clansmen with Shamanic Spells again.

A bloody fight was instantly set off.

Mo Ke Tuo suddenly disappeared. Except for Yang Kai, even the strongest Demon Kings present would not be able to trace her position. She flashed through the Demon lines, killing everyone wherever she appeared.

She was an elite assassin of the Demon Race, a Demon King grade assassin. Besides those who stood on equal footing with her, no one could survive her sneak attack.

The Demon Kings commanding the army outside died one by one under her assassination, leaving the remaining Demons in a state of disarray.

Fei Li also took action at that moment. The ghost fire that erupted from his skeletal hands was not something ordinary Demon Kings could handle, and wherever the ghost fire passed, swaths of demons were burned to death.

Yang Kai’s gaze remained on the pile of Seven-Coloured Mud for a moment before he suddenly turned to shout at Tiea, “Why isn’t it working? Does it need to be buried in the ground?”

Tiea said that this was the key to victory and was the only chance to seal the Two Worlds Passage, but Yang Kai realized that the Seven-Coloured Mud was not responding at all.

Tiea remained perfectly calm and reassured, “It will work.”

“When?” Yang Kai pressed on.

He led his one hundred thousand Shaman Niu Clansmen to the very heart of the Demon Race army, sacrificing seventy percent of them just to get here, so if this Seven-Coloured Mud turned out to be a dud, or if this was all just a plan the Shaman Saints’ thought up to attract the Demon Race’s attention, the price paid was simply too great.

Without receiving a response from Tiea, Yang Kai suppressed the anxiety in his heart and lifted his arms, releasing several enormous Moon Blades that instantly cut deep gashes into the Demon Race army.

For now, Yang Kai withdrew his attention from the Seven-Coloured Mud. He just wanted to slaughter to his heart’s content regardless of whether this could actually seal the Two Worlds Passage or not.

He was the leader of the Shaman Niu Clan; his target was not the common Demon soldiers but rather the Demon Kings hidden in the surroundings.

Yang Kai began to flicker across the battlefield, and whenever the Myriads Sword was swung, Demons would fall, and no Demon King he had his eyes on managed to escape the wrath of his sword.

It was as if he was a reaper of death, and the Myriads Sword was a scythe with which he harvested the Souls of his victims.

The death of the Demon Kings escalated the turmoil of the already chaotic Demon Race army, and the pressure on the Shaman Niu Clan reduced sharply. The defence circle even expanded for a while, but only in appearance.

Countless Demons gathered from all directions. The thirty thousand Shaman Niu Clansmen couldn’t win in this situation. Even if Yang Kai could escape from here with his life, all thirty thousand of his clansmen would undoubtedly die before the end of the war.

Right at that moment, a strange sound resonated suddenly. Just like the resurrection of a heart from Ancient Times, a vigorous pounding reverberated straight into the chests of anyone who heard it, causing involuntary tightness and a roiling of blood.

Countless eyes turned towards the source of the sound.

Yang Kai did the same and immediately revealed a look of pleasant surprise. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Because the lump Seven-Coloured Mud that he had thrown on the ground earlier finally responded. A seven-coloured radiance burst out with a vague trace of vitality surging within it.

This strange scene surprised the clansmen from both races.

The brilliance of the seven-coloured ray slowly dissipated and was replaced by a soft green light.

A small young shoot suddenly sprouted from the ground, one that looked so frail it would break with just a light touch. Yang Kai flickered to the side of the young shoot, feeling a sense of familiarity from the aura it was exuding.

“It’s working,” Tiea spoke softly, staring at the green bud with an unreadable expression.

“Are we relying on this?” Yang Kai questioned doubtfully.

What could this young shoot do? How was it going to seal the Two Worlds Passage that stretched all the way up to the sky?

Before Yang Kai could even finish his thought though, the young shoot began to grow rapidly, and in the blink of an eye, it had become a small sapling.

Things had not ended yet as the sapling’s rate of growth soared. In another breath, it had grown into a three-metre-tall tree with a tousled canopy, dense branches and leaves, and it showed no signs of slowing down at all.

*Kacha…*

The ground began to crack and was split open with fissures where the tree roots expanded underground. Yang Kai could not help but retreat, his gaze moving higher and higher as he withdrew further and further.

Three metres, ten metres, thirty metres, sixty metres, one hundred and fifty metres…

In less than a stick of incense worth of time, the tiny green shoot had grown into a towering tree that reached up to the sky, its lush canopy forming a sharp contrast against the dark Demon Qi around it.

Emerald light radiated from this giant tree, forming a layer of protection, shielding the surviving Shaman Niu Clan clansmen from the surrounding enemies.

The overwhelming Demon Qi was purified by the emerald radiance and dispersed into the sky.

The Demons were dumbfounded and their minds went blank.

“Senior Qing!” Yang Kai gasped involuntarily.

He finally understood that the giant tree in front of him did not grow out of thin air.

It was the Evergreen Divine Tree! It was the guardian of the Frost and Snow Clan.

Yang Kai felt that the vitality wrapped within the Seven-Coloured Mud was familiar right from the start, but he never thought to associate it with Senior Qing due to their huge differences.

But when the kilometre-tall tree stood before him, Yang Kai instantly recognized it.

Senior Qing was the Ancient Barbarian’s measure to seal the Two Worlds Passage.

Senior Qing’s growth did not stop there as he continued to grow taller and larger, the green protective curtain continuing to widen. By the looks of it, it seemed that Senior Qing was going to use his own body to directly plug and seal the Two Worlds Passage