Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2892, Protect

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Perhaps having heard Yang Kai’s shout, an old face surfaced on its trunk before him and smiled faintly, “Shaman Niu, we meet again.”

“Yes, we meet again, but I didn’t expect us to meet in this way.” Yang Kai wiped the blood off his face.

The old face replied kindly, “Looks like I was right. You truly grew up quickly, and the future seems to rest in your hands.”

Yang Kai shook his head. Instead of commenting on it, he asked curiously, “Senior, weren’t you in Frost and Snow City? Is this your Soul Clone?”

“Soul Clone? No, no, no, this is not a Soul Clone, this is my true body.”

Yang Kai turned solemn, immediately realized something and asked, “Senior, are you planning to sacrifice your life?”

Senior Qing burst out in laughter, “The Two Worlds Passage is too mysterious, and this is the only way to seal it. I have lived long enough to have witnessed two invasions of the Demon Race. I was incapable of providing any assistance last time, but this time, I want to contribute my strength, for the Barbarian Race has taken good care of me over all these years.”

“Perhaps there is another way.” Yang Kai frowned.

The face on the trunk shook, as if shaking his head, “I have left Frost and Snow City already, there is no turning back.”

At this moment, Yang Kai understood what he meant. The Evergreen Divine Tree guarded Frost and Snow City for tens of thousands of years, never once leaving its original place. It was not that he did not want to, but he could not, because Senior Qing had an innate connection to that piece of land.

But this time, in order to seal the Two Worlds Passage, he left the land that nurtured him for tens of thousands of years, condensed all his essence into the Seven-Coloured Mud, and was led by Yang Kai to this place.

This was an irreversible process, and the second growth that he performed today was equivalent to him burning all his vitality before his death.

Yang Kai stood in awe, and saluted while holding his chest, “The Barbarian Race will witness Senior’s sacrifice, and future generations will remember your contribution.”

Senior Qing laughed, “There’s no need to comfort me, I am prepared for this.” After a pause, Senior Qing became serious, “Before that, I need your help.”

“Don’t worry, Senior. Our Shaman Niu Clan will protect this place to the last.”

“Good,” The old face nodded and disappeared.

Yang Kai turned his head and looked at Tiea, “Why don’t you say anything?”

Tiea, “What do you want me to say?”

“Did you know this already?”

Tiea answered, “Yes.”

Yang Kai looked at her puzzled and tried to read her face, but Tiea remained indifferent, as if she and Senior Qing were strangers. Tiea was very different from the little girl he first met two years ago, her character having changed greatly. Yang Kai even doubted whether she was the same Tiea as before.

But he quickly shook off such thoughts and re-focused on the battle.

Senior Qing continued to grow rapidly. During his conversation with Yang Kai, the gigantic Evergreen Divine Tree had grown from a kilometre to two kilometres. Looking up, the canopy was now barely visible as it stretched into the sky.

Everyone in the battle noticed this unusual situation.

The Barbarians cheered as many recognized the guardian deity of Frost and Snow City, all of them crying out in excitement. As more Ancient Barbarians learnt what was happening, their morale was greatly boosted, and all of them seemed to have their fighting spirits rekindled.

Although Senior Qing was only the guardian deity of Frost and Snow Clan, his reputation resounded throughout all Clans of the Barbarian Race. Although no one had ever seen Senior Qing display his strength, everyone knew that he was a Master comparable to a Shaman Saint.

But he was not a Barbarian. Therefore, the Barbarian Race only had four Shaman Saints. Senior Qing could be considered another Saint besides the Shaman Saints.

At this moment, such a powerful ally in this chaotic battle diving into the very depths of the Demon Race army was naturally something worth all the Barbarian clansmen feeling exhilarated about.

Everyone seemed to be picturing the scene where the Demon Race was thoroughly defeated. The emergence of Senior Qing had caused a surge of momentum in favour of the Barbarian Race, giving them the upper hand in the battle.

On the contrary, the Demons were horror-stricken. They had no idea what this giant tree was, but not knowing only caused more fear, especially when this unforeseen accident appeared in such a massive and majestic form. Furthermore, this tree continued to grow taller by the moment, as if it was trying to pierce the Heavens. The emerald light enveloping the periphery of the giant tree also seemed to carry a mysterious purification effect that completely dissolved all the Demon Qi within its range. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Many ignorant Demons wanted to rush over to stop the growth of the giant tree, but wound up being killed by the Shaman Grandmasters of the Shaman Niu Clan who were standing guard nearby.

The sudden appearance of the Evergreen Divine Tree threw the Demon Race into a panic for a while.

However, the situation soon stabilized. It seemed that they had been given orders and the Demons began to form rank to quickly siege the Evergreen Divine Tree in an orderly manner.

The focus of the battle suddenly shifted to the bottom of the Two Worlds Passage.

The Shaman Niu Clan immediately came under unimaginable pressure as the Demons rushed at them like a surging tidal wave from all directions. These Demons seemed to have abandoned all concept of fear and even the deadly Soul Devouring Insects could not deter their advance.

Under the leadership of Ah Hu, the cavalry of the Shaman Niu Clan circled the giant tree like a fine steel whip. Wherever the cavalry passed, the Demons were trampled like dead leaves and swept away. Their weapons started to lose their sharpness, and everyone was covered with thick blood.

The four living Demon Kings came back from breaking through the encirclement, all of them looking exhausted and pale.

Sha Ya hadn’t died, but she had lost an arm. Bao Qi was gone, his life aura extinguished in Yang Kai’s perception. It was obvious that he was killed by his former companions.

Less than thirty thousand clansmen, one Shaman King, six Demon Kings and three Shaman Grandmasters were left in the Shaman Niu Clan. They were basically a remnant force now, but they still had to face over ten million Demons in battle, along with more than thirty Demon Kings.

The two sides were completely uneven, and the results of this battle would determine the outcome of the war.

All the Warriors of the Shaman Niu Clan knew their responsibility, and there was no need for Yang Kai to command them. They fought the enemy bravely, putting their lives on the line to kill as many enemies as possible.

More than twenty thousand Demons died at Yang Kai’s hands alone, including six Demon Kings. However, in the face of such a large-scale war, no matter how strong an individual was, it all seemed insignificant, unless one had reached the level of a Saint.

Gradually, the Shaman Niu Clan was beginning to buckle under the siege and suppression of the Demon Race, their line of defense shrinking again and again.

Thirty thousand people reduced to twenty thousand, then to fifteen thousand.

Ah Hu’s cavalry that originally consisted of several thousand troops now numbered less than a thousand, each of them covered with the blood of their enemies and themselves, and the weapons in their hands having been changed several times after breaking.

Yang Kai constantly took out Spirit Pills and gave them to the Shamans of the Shaman Niu Clan. Even the six Demon Kings had gotten many from him.

They could only persist until now by relying on these pills.

The crown of the Evergreen Divine Tree already passed through the clouds and could no longer be seen, and as long as Senior Qing was given enough time, he would surely completely fill the Two Worlds Passage.

Time, the key to this battle now was time.

The Demon Race obviously would not give the Shaman Niu Clan this opportunity.

More and more furious attacks were launched, and although the Shaman Niu Clan fought hard, it was still not enough to resist the relentless assault. There was nothing the Shaman Niu Clan could do with such a disparity in numbers.

A loud noise suddenly erupted and as Yang Kai looked around, he saw that the Shaman Niu Clansmen at a certain section of the front had taken serious casualties. A gap was finally opened in the precarious defence line by the Demon Race, allowing the enemy to flood in from that gap and slaughter wildly.

Yang Kai teleported over and unleashed the light of his Myriads Sword, sealing the gap with his strength, creating a chance for the surrounding clansmen to rally and re-form the line.

But the next moment, another gap was broken through at a different point.

Yang Kai shouted, and Fei Li rushed over at once, blocking the advance of the Demon Race with his pitch-black skeleton that burned in a green flame.

A third gap appeared…

The defense line of the Shaman Niu Clan was like a dilapidated boat in a rough sea, leaking everywhere on a stormy night. Countless Demons broke through the lines, some of them launching attacks at the Shaman Niu Clan, while others rushed towards the Evergreen Divine Tree.

Some of these Demons gathered under the root of the tree, and swung their weapons furiously at it, as if they were attempting to chop down Senior Qing. However, the majority jumped onto the tree and began using their fists to try to destroy him.

Yang Kai glared at them angrily and wished that he could split himself into a million clones.

At this critical moment, a riot rose outside the periphery. The ground trembled and the clashes of the weapons could be heard mixed with miserable screams.

A group of dishevelled Barbarians suddenly appeared in Yang Kai’s vision. The leader was a Shaman King who looked familiar to Yang Kai. He seemed to be a Shaman King of the Frost and Snow Clan.

Over the past two years, Yang Kai had many dealings with other Shaman Kings, and even though he had no deep relationships with them, he had at least met these top figures several times.

He could not be wrong. This Shaman King was definitely from the Frost and Snow Clan.

With an Ice Dragon Tattoo on his hand, the Shaman King charged into the battlefield, greatly relieving the pressure on the Shaman Niu Clan as he roared, “Kill!”

The clansmen of the Frost and Snow Clan shouted in response and the morale of the Shaman Niu Clan was boosted once again. Cooperating with these reinforcements from the inside, allies were soon welcomed into the circle of defence.

Not many from the Frost and Snow Clan had arrived, only five thousand in total. They had certainly paid a heavy price to reach this place.

The Shaman Niu Clan could rush all the way here due to the strong combat power of the ten Demon Kings and Yang Kai, while the Frost and Snow Clan obviously did not have the support of so many Masters. Perhaps there may have been one to two hundred thousand of them when they set out, but only five thousand clansmen remained when they arrived here.

This Clan had paid an unimaginable price just to arrive in front of the Evergreen Divine Tree.

The Shaman King greeted Yang Kai with a nod, and remarked, “Now it is our turn to protect the Divine Tree.”

The Evergreen Divine Tree had protected the Frost and Snow Clan for tens of thousands of years, shielding Frost and Snow City from both natural and Human-caused disasters, allowing the Frost and Snow Clan to grow and survive in peace. On this day, which was tens of thousands of years after it was founded, the Frost and Snow Clan was going to repay its debt of gratitude, using their own bodies as a wall to guard the Evergreen Divine Tree against any harm and damage.

“You’re just in time!” Yang Kai grinned.

The Shaman King nodded lightly before he waved his hand, and the five thousand people behind him immediately spread out. The strong warriors joined the defensive formation, while a thousand people remained behind.

Yang Kai swept his eyes across these thousand people and was dumbstruck, showing a look of disbelief.

Because he found that the thousand people were all Shamans!