Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2893, Mo Duo Acts

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

A thousand Shamans from the Frost and Snow Clan spread out, one-third of them circling around the roots of the Evergreen Divine Tree, sitting cross-legged while the other two-thirds jumped onto his trunk and disappeared into the Tree Caves.

The only remaining Frost and Snow Clan Shaman King nodded at Yang Kai, “Buy us some time!”

When the words fell, he flew up and rushed into a Tree Cave.

The Evergreen Divine Tree had guarded the Frost and Snow Clan for tens of thousands of years. They had supported each other and helped each other for millennia, so in this world, the ones who were most intimate with the Evergreen Divine Tree and were most able to mobilize Senior Qing’s strength were undoubtedly the Frost and Snow Clan.

At this moment, all of Senior Qing’s energy was being channeled into growth. If he wanted to reach the sky and seal the Two Worlds Passage as quickly as possible, he could spare no attention to deal with the surrounding Demons.

But no matter what, he was a Master comparable to a Shaman Saint, so the Shamans of the Frost and Snow Clan could inspire some of his innate power to defend against the attacking Demons. However, this was the Frost and Snow Clan’s Forbidden Technique, and the cost of using it was extremely high.

Yang Kai had acquired Senior Qing’s inheritance and completely understood the details of this Forbidden Technique.

Therefore, he instantly knew their plan when he saw what the Frost and Snow Clan Shamans did. Turning around with a solemn expression, he roared to inspire the remaining Shaman Niu Clan and the Frost and Snow Clan Warriors to fight on.

The attacks of the Demon Race were getting increasingly aggressive, but with the help of the mysterious Soul Devouring Insects, the Shaman Niu Clan somehow managed to hold out, resisting wave after wave of impact, paying a great price for every breath of time they stood their ground.

All of the Shamans’ faces were extremely pale, their legs close to buckling. This was a clear sign of overexertion of Shaman Strength, but they still grit their teeth and sang their incantations, exerting what little Shaman Strength remained in their bodies, casting Shamanic Spells of various strengths at the dense mass of Demons.

Yang Kai held nothing back either, sending streams of Moon Blades in all directions, killing hundreds of Demons with every move he made.

The gigantic Evergreen Divine Tree suddenly swayed, and then the swaying became fierce. Green leaves fell from the sky as a number of branches and leaves withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

“Shaman Niu, underground!” The Frost and Snow Clan Shaman King’s voice came from somewhere in the trunk.

Sand Demons were destroying the roots of the Evergreen Divine Tree from below in an attempt to destroy Senior Qing.

Yang Kai turned around, his gaze fixing on a figure among the crowd and growled in a low voice, “Ah Zha Ke!”

The figure who was resisting the Demons together with the Shaman Niu Clansmen heard Yang Kai’s summon and immediately left the group. With a twist, he turned into a mass of scattered sand and melted into the ground.

Ah Zha Ke was also one of the ten Demon Kings subdued by Yang Kai, and while he was not the strongest, nor the weakest, he was the most proficient in Earth Escape because he was a Sand Demon. His Innate Divine Ability allowed him to swim through the earth like it was air, and he was one of the six Demon Kings still alive.

Currently, the Sand Demons who were wreaking havoc underground were his kin, so it was best to let him deal with them.

As predicted, as soon as Ah Zha Ke went underground, muffled grunts sounded out. It seemed like the Sand Demons were suffering heavy casualties Ah Zha Ke’s counterattack, averting the crisis of the Evergreen Divine Tree to a great extent.

But Yang Kai soon noticed that Ah Zha Ke had met his match, another Demon King from the Sand Demon Clan. Two Demon Kings fought underground, and Ah Zha Ke quickly fell into a disadvantage.

After realizing this, Yang Kai immediately took a step back, calmed his breathing, and concentrated his powerful Divine Sense onto a single point, condensing an incomparably sharp blade of Spiritual Energy that he then shot into the ground fiercely.

Hindered by the thick earth, the power of this Soul Technique was greatly reduced, but it still created a chance for Ah Zha Ke to kill the enemy.

Yang Kai could sense that Ah Zha Ke had successfully dealt with his opponent with his help.

When Yang Kai looked up again, his face changed, because the Shaman Niu Clan’s defence line had been broken again, and this time it was worse than before. If before the situation could be compared to a leaking boat, it was now to the point where the ship was breaking apart, at risk of collapse at any moment. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The Demons howled as they rushed in from all directions like a flood. No matter how hard the clansmen of Shaman Niu Clan tried, they could not stop their pace. Only Yang Kai stood firm, unaffected by the waves crashing upon him.

But it was pointless because he could not defend the entire circle even if he wanted to.

“Will you help me?” Yang Kai shouted as he held up the Mountains and Rivers Bell. If he could not get an affirmative answer, he would have no choice but to make an indiscriminate attack. The power of Mountains and Rivers Bell was too strong, and he had yet to fully subdue it. Once the power of this Ancient Exotic Artifact was unleashed without reservation, the surviving Shaman Niu Clansmen would inevitably be affected, possibly even be killed.

Yang Kai did not want to stain his hands with the blood of his clansmen, so even if the situation had been critical, he never thought of using the Mountains and Rivers Bell. But this was not a luxury he could afford now.

There was no response, and some of the faster Demons had almost reached the roots of the Evergreen Divine Tree, lifting their weapons and slashing at the Frost and Snow Clan Shamans who were waiting there.

The light of Mountains and Rivers Bell flashed, and the mysterious patterns on its surface glowed while exuding an ancient and desolate Aura.

Right at that moment, the Evergreen Divine Tree swayed abruptly, and suddenly a branch flew down from the canopy. The length of the branch was unknown, but it was as thick as a person’s torso, shaking its head and flicking its tail like a dragon that had just awoken from a deep sleep.

The branch swept out and every Demon in its path was sent flying without even a chance to resist. Some of them exploded into clouds of blood-mist while still mid-air while others were critically injured. The huge impact force broke bones and left huge depressions on their chests, forcing mouthfuls of blood from their mouths as they fell to the ground with feeble auras. Clearly, these Demons would not live long.

Thousands of Demons were injured or killed in just a single blow.

The Demons who broke through the defensive circle were shocked and instinctually retreated a few steps together. Each Demon’s eyes were fixed on that sweeping branch, their gazes filled with fear and panic.

*Shua Shua Shua…*

More branches descended from the tree crown like long whips controlled by the Evergreen Divine Tree. The whips that danced in a seemingly chaotic way, but in fact were actually making an organized sweep of the surroundings. No whip collided with another and instead complimented one another as they mowed down the enemy.

The whips swept around the Evergreen Divine Tree, sending any enemy within a kilometre radius flying.

All of the Demons that rushed over were swatted away while the guarding clansmen of Shaman Niu Clan and Frost and Snow Clan remained unscathed.

All of the Barbarians were shocked by what they saw, and Yang Kai also immediately put away the Mountains and Rivers Bell. He knew that the Shamans of Frost and Snow Clan had begun to control the power of the Evergreen Divine Tree.

With such overbearing power, the Demons could no longer approach the tree. The Evergreen Divine Tree was a being equivalent to a Saint after all, so his power was not something an ordinary Demon or even a Demon King could resist.

Unless…

Suddenly, a huge palm appeared in the sky, one so massive that it was able to cover the Heavens, darkening the field of vision of everyone below. The emergence of the palm caused a drastic change in the situation. The world shook as this palm slammed straight towards the crown of the Evergreen Divine Tree, as though it was trying to bring it down in one blow.

The whips that were attacking the Demons were obviously aware of the approaching danger and swiftly directed their attention to the palm in the sky.

Yang Kai too, raised his head sharply to observe and flickered away from his position in the next moment.

There was a loud bang, and the huge palm slammed down, smashing dozens of long whips that were speeding at it. The sound of muffled grunts rang out from the trunk and branches of the Evergreen Divine Tree, evidence the Shamans of the Frost and Snow Clan had been hit hard.

Blocked by several dozen long whips, the speed of the palm was hindered, but it did not break.

At the critical moment, Yang Kai’s figure suddenly appeared between the palm and the tree crown, a small bell spinning before him which rapidly expanded into a giant object that shrouded the tree crown.

*Guang Dang…*

An ear-splitting sound rang out as the illusory phantom of the Mountains and Rivers Bell collapsed. Yang Kai could not help but spurt out a mouthful of blood as he plummeted to the ground like a meteor.

However, the gigantic palm was rebounded by the power of the Mountains and Rivers Bell and finally dispersed.

“Oh?” A somewhat surprised voice sounded and was immediately followed by a person abruptly appearing in the air. Looking down at Yang Kai, then looking up at the Evergreen Divine Tree, a cynical smile appeared on the corner of the man’s face.

Yang Kai steadied himself in the air and looked up at this man coldly as he bellowed with gritted teeth, “Mo Duo!”

His voice was not loud, but it was enough for everyone on the deathly still battlefield to hear. Mo Duo’s name brought fear to all the Ancient Barbarians, while on the contrary, the Demons who had been hit miserably, yelled animated, their confidence greatly boosted.

“What was… your name again?” With his hands crossed behind his back, Mo Duo cocked his head to the side as he observed Yang Kai, appearing to be deep in thought before he suddenly exclaimed, “Yes, your name is Shaman Niu!”

Yang Kai grinned, his blood-filled mouth making him look quite terrifying, “It’s an honour that a Demon Saint actually remembers my name.”

Mo Duo chuckled, “I always have deep impressions of people who are special.”

Yang Kai turned his head and glanced at the battlefield farther away, curling his lips as he asked, “Aren’t the Demon Saints supposed to be fighting up there? Why are you so free to be here? Don’t you care about the lives of your companions?”

“I don’t need to worry about their lives. You on the other hand should worry about yours.”

Yang Kai cursed silently, berating Saint Xu for allowing a Demon Saint to come here. As long as the four Shaman Saints of the Barbarian Race could delay the five Demon Saints of the Demon Race, there would still be hope for the battle here. The Shaman Niu Clan successfully escorted the Evergreen Divine Tree to take root at the base of the Two Worlds Passage, and the thousand Shamans of the Frost and Snow Clan also came to support them. As long as there was enough time, the plan could be fully implemented.

But Mo Duo’s sudden appearance was akin to the arrival of a disaster that could wipe out everyone present, a full-grown adult suddenly interfering in a match between children.