Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2895, Hook Shadow

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai snickered, “Would you like to focus all your power into your Soul Clone? I wouldn’t be able to fight against a full-strength Saint.”

“No need!” Mo Duo snorted coldly. Using seventy percent of his strength was his bottom line in dealing with an existence that was only equivalent to a Demon King. It would be a disgrace if he was forced to use all of his strength. He had his own dignity and pride to maintain.

As he spoke, a dark iron hook suddenly materialized in his hand. The iron hook was filled with a rich and pure Demon Qi that could awaken the evil deep inside one’s heart, and gave off an eerie feeling at first glance.

Yang Kai’s eyes fixed on the iron hook and his heart clenched slightly.

This iron hook was somewhat similar to the Demonic War Hammer currently owned by the Embodiment. Although its form was completely different, it had a similar aura about it.

It was a Saint Artifact! This should be the Saint Artifact mentioned by Bao Qi and the others. In the Demon Realm, only Demon Saints could possess and control such treasures. In other words, this iron hook and the Demonic War Hammer were of the same grade.

Yang Kai’s expression turned solemn as he became alert.

Mo Duo’s sudden summoning of such a Demonic Saint Artifact obviously meant that he was planning to make a big move, and Yang Kai had to deal with it with great vigilance.

To Yang Kai’s surprise though, Mo Duo did not immediately attack him with the Saint Artifact. Instead, he lifted the iron hook and grazed the void in a disorderly way; once on his left, once on his right, above him, then below him.

His actions were extremely casual, but also quite aloof and arrogant at the same time. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, this extremely random movement made Yang Kai’s face sink, because he suddenly sensed that the surrounding space inexplicably became isolated and sealed, as if this region of the world had been ripped out of the Great World by Mo Duo’s actions, becoming isolated from the outside.

Yang Kai could still see all the scenery outside, but he could no longer teleport at will from this isolated world.

Teleportation was an extremely tricky ability to deal with, even for a Demon Saint, so Mo Duo first had to disable its use, and the measure just now was his way to handicap this ability.

After that, Mo Duo turned around. Looking at Yang Kai indifferently, he lifted the iron hook in his hand slightly and pulled space towards himself.

The shadow of a huge hook resembling a sharp soul-reaping weapon suddenly appeared and swung down towards where Yang Kai was.

Heaven and Earth were contorted by the movement of the hook, and an extremely sinister aura permeated the air with a loud crash.

Yang Kai backed away in a hurry, his face showing unprecedented solemnity. Without dropping his guard, he waved his arms widely and condensed the local Space Principles into an enormous Moon Blade that slashed towards the hook shadow immediately.

Yang Kai wasn’t done yet though as his lips began to murmur and Time Principles began to flow, his hands quickly intertwined to form the Time Flies Seal which he then shot out right behind his Moon Blade.

Profound and esoteric Space and Time Principles mixed together in an inexplicable and even more unpredictable manner.

A look of surprise appeared on Mo Duo’s face as he had an inkling that this situation had undergone a kind of strange, one beyond his comprehension. He had never heard of anyone who cultivated both Space and Time Principles.

Since Ancient Times, there had been three thousand Grand Daos of Heaven and Earth, and there were countless Principles that evolved from them. However, whether it was Space Principles or Time Principles, both were Daos that very few lucky people could ever fathom, and those who could comprehend both essentially did not exist. This was not something one could claim as just luck, and was only attainable with the full blessings of the Heavens’ grace. Throughout history, such people were true Masters of their times.

*Hong…*

There was a loud crash as the Moon Blade and Time Flies Seal collided with the huge hook shadow, which directly dispersed. Violent energy from the collision swept out, and the isolated segment of the world shook as if the apocalypse had come.

The aftermath of the impact spread hundreds of kilometres away and both the Barbarian Race and the Demon Race were swayed by the impact, many being thrown out or even directly killed. Even Yang Kai was sent tumbling from the force of this recoil. When he finally stood firm, he looked pale and dishevelled, but still shouted, “Mo Duo, I am afraid that seventy percent of your strength is not enough! Let me see your full strength, don’t cower anymore!”

He swallowed pills wildly while he spoke, having truthfully been pushed into a tight corner.

Mo Duo’s usual grace and casualness had long since disappeared. After being mocked by Yang Kai, he finally revealed his anger and turned to glance at the Evergreen Divine Tree. In the short time while he was messing around with Yang Kai, this strange tree had grown another kilometre and showed no signs of stopping.

“Let’s see how many times you can block it!” Mo Duo shouted angrily, and once again threw the hook towards the place where Yang Kai stood.

The huge hook shadow reappeared.

Yang Kai’s face twitched as a stream of curses burst from his lips; however, his movements did not slow down at all.

This battle made him deeply aware of the gap between himself and Mo Duo. Even though Mo Duo only used seventy percent of his strength, he was already an opponent Yang Kai could not hope to defeat.

Blocking the first attack was just a fluke, but it would be impossible for Yang Kai to block a second attack or third.

“Do you only know this trick? Don’t you have something new?” Yang Kai asked sarcastically.

Mo Duo sneered, “It does not matter how many tricks I have as long as one works!”

He could clearly see the advantage he had and was prepared to use his Saint Artifact to crush Yang Kai.

As the hook flew, space collapsed, and even the Sun, Moon, and Stars seemed to dim.

Yang Kai grunted, and the high-pitched roar of a dragon ripped through him. A golden ray was released, and a huge golden dragon head emerged behind him, its majestic eyes looking down on the world as if everything and everyone was beneath it.

The Golden Divine Dragon phantom only appeared for a moment before it shot into Yang Kai’s body again and disappeared.

Yang Kai’s initially sluggish aura suddenly soared to a new high, seemingly much stronger than when he was at his peak earlier.

“This is…”

Mo Duo was flabbergasted, his gaze frozen behind Yang Kai as if he wanted to get a clearer view, but the illusory phantom had long since disappeared. In a look of disbelief, he exclaimed, “Divine Spirit? Why do you have a Divine Spirit Source?”

Even in this ancient period, Divine Spirits were synonymous with power, especially the Dragon Clan, which was an existence that even Demon Saints could not ignore. There was a Dragon Clan in the Demon Realm, which consisted of Demon Dragons, and their Masters were comparable to Demon Saints, each of them possessing Heaven-destroying and Earth-shattering power.

“You’re too nosy.” When the golden light converged, Yang Kai’s figure reappeared.

At this moment, he was no longer the seemingly weak Human, but instead a six-metre tall monster covered in scale armour with short horns growing out of his head and sharp claws for hands. Traces of his features could only vaguely be seen on his scaled face.

The hook shadow attacked again, but this time, Yang Kai simply raised his Myriads Sword high to meet it head-on.

After the Dragon Transformation, Yang Kai’s strength had been significantly improved. The seemingly unmatched hook shadow came to a sudden when it met the sword’s swing, as if it was hindered by an unbreakable barrier.

Yang Kai slumped back, using his utmost to push the sword light of the Myriads Sword to clash with the hook shadow, resulting in a series of explosive rumblings.

Mo Duo sneered, silently stroking the iron hook in his hand, and aimed it directly at the place where Yang Kai was.

In the next moment, Yang Kai’s eyes widened and looked as if he had lost his soul as even his resistance against the hook shadow became weak, causing the hook shadow to pounce at him recklessly again.

After a breath, Yang Kai suppressed the dissonance in his head and shouted angrily, “A Soul Attack? Mo Duo, you are indeed a bully. You would stoop this low and still dare call yourself a Demon Saint?”

Mo Duo gritted his teeth and became somewhat angry out of shame, “What thing are you to accuse me?!”

He indeed used a Soul Attack just now. The iron hook in his hand not only had powerful offensive abilities, but it could also directly pull at the enemy’s Soul. This silent hook had turned into a chain in the dark, sinking into Yang Kai’s Soul and tearing into it.

That was why Yang Kai fell into a daze for a moment, almost losing consciousness.

As long as Mo Duo could reap his Soul from his body, Yang Kai would definitely become a walking corpse.

The second attack of the huge hook shadow was just a diversion to attract Yang Kai’s attention; however, Mo Duo did not expect that this trick he planned out diligently would not produce the desired effect.

An existence equivalent to a mere Demon King being able to resist seventy percent of his strength in a head-on confrontation was unbelievable enough. Even though Mo Duo had not made use of all his strength, from the perspective of all bystanders, Yang Kai was already impressive enough.

What was so unacceptable to Mo Duo was that his silent Soul Attack failed to achieve anything more than a minor wound. The young man in front of him was definitely not just an existence comparable to Demon Kings. Even as a Demon Saint, Mo Duo had never encountered such a monster before.

Yang Kai snorted coldly and ignored him, but was actually still struggling from the aftershock of the Soul Attack.

Although the scene just now was short, it was by far the most dangerous moment in his fight against Mo Duo. If it were not for the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus, a Supreme Soul Treasure, his Soul would have been pulled out cleanly by Mo Duo, or more likely just torn apart.

Although Yang Kai’s Soul was far more powerful than average, it was not to the extent that it could directly withstand Mo Duo’s Soul Attack. It was the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus that pulled his Soul back at the critical moment, allowing Yang Kai to react in time to the follow-up strike.

His blood boiling at his own weakness, the towering sword-light of Yang Kai’s Myriads Sword increased in intensity sharply, suppressing Mo Duo’s hook shadow in one fell swoop and directly shattering it while its owner was momentarily distracted.

Everything else in the world lost its lustre in the dazzling sword light.

Mo Duo still seemed to be in a daze, a very unusual condition for a Demon Saint, mainly because Yang Kai’s performance was just too shocking.

At that moment, Yang Kai had already rushed in front of him with a ferocious look on his face.

A Dragon’s claw was clenched into a fist and slammed out at Mo Duo.

Space collapsed wherever this fist rolled.

However, Mo Duo simply raised his head, stared at Yang Kai with a pair of emotionless eyes, and said indifferently, “You have to pay for your recklessness!”

When the words fell, he raised his fist to meet Yang Kai’s.