Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2897, Giant Monster

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Mo Duo gawked at Yang Kai who was in front of him with wide eyes and gritted teeth as a heavy blow was incoming.

The huge force smashed on his face, contorted his facial features, and sent him rolling in the air. The feeling of being suppressed finally disappeared, and Mo Duo hurriedly stabilized his body, but just when he regained his stability, the ring of the strange bell reached his ear again.

The suppressive power that had just disappeared shrouded him again, disrupting the circulation of his strength. The slight interference resulted in him taking a direct punch in the chest again. The crisp crack of bones fracturing was heard as Mo Duo’s chest caved in and he was immediately thrown out.

The noble Demon Saint was now no better than a sandbag, being beaten flying, powerless to fight back against a mere Shaman King. This was a great humiliation, and the anger in Mo Duo’s chest boiled like lava in a volcano, ready to erupt at any moment.

Although his opponent’s attacks were not fatal, it was intolerable for Mo Duo to be humiliated like this in front of millions of Demons.

All of this was happening because of the damned bell. Mo Duo was not afraid of this Shaman Niu’s own strength, but the power of the strange bell was even able to suppress the power of a Demon Saint, which made him lose the upper hand. One mistake had led to all future failures, and there was no chance for him to regain the initiative in his current situation.

Every time the bell rang, Mo Duo’s newly gathered aura and power would be suppressed, and then Yang Kai would launch a storm of attacks at him.

In just a stick of incense worth of time, Yang Kai had attacked Mo Duo more than a thousand times, using enough force each time to kill an ordinary Demon King.

But such continuous attacks on Mo Duo could only make him stagger back, not deal any kind of serious injury. No matter how badly his chest was sunken or how many broken bones he had, Mo Duo seemed to be able to recover after just a short time.

Demon Saint Mo Duo’s vitality was incomparably tenacious!

Yang Kai was panting, as he was physically and mentally exhausted. Although his strength increased greatly after using his Dragon Transformation, his energy consumption increased proportionally. Moreover, he had to use the Mountains and Rivers Bell in advance every time he attacked, which took a great toll on him. If it were not for his strong foundation, he would have succumbed to death due to exhaustion already.

However, he was still being patient, waiting for his chance, a chance to win everything in a single blow.

The opportunity soon arrived.

Mo Duo went into a rage from this torture and his face twisted ferociously. Gnashing his teeth, his eyes scarlet, he looked as if he had lost his mind.

The Mountains and Rivers Bell tolled again, and the visible sound wave struck towards Mo Duo.

But this time, Yang Kai did not seem to grasp the timing properly, and by the time the sound wave was unleashed, Mo Duo had already managed to dodge aside. Without the suppression of the Mountains and Rivers Bell, he could finally go all out to deal with Yang Kai. Grinning wildly, he pushed his Demon Qi madly and pounced at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai seemed a little flustered and hurriedly retreated, but still failed to keep distance with Mo Duo.

Mo Duo flew over Yang Kai’s head and sent out a vicious palm strike filled with destructive power.

At that moment, Yang Kai suddenly lifted his hand and summoned the Sealed World Bead. Under his control, the Sealed World Bead instantly disappeared into the Void and a vortex-like channel appeared between him and Mo Duo at the same time. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Yang Kai’s Divine Sense spread out like a tide, turning into an invisible net that ensnared Mo Duo like catching a giant fish.

Yang Kai let out a grunt, his feet nailed firmly in place, and surged his Spiritual Energy to reel in this fish.

As long as he could send Mo Duo into the Sealed World Bead, his life would no longer be his to control. Even though Mo Duo was a genuine Demon Saint, he would not be Yang Kai’s opponent in the Sealed World Bead given that he could only use seventy percent of his power currently.

The key now was to draw Mo Duo into the Small Sealed World.

Mo Duo’s face changed slightly as the vortex appeared. He obviously sensed something was wrong and immediately became alarmed. Quickly stopping his actions, he wanted to retreat, but the surrounding space became extremely viscous, as if he had fallen into a quagmire and was unable to break free.

This resistance was caused by the overlapping action of Yang Kai’s Spiritual Energy and his manipulation of Space Principles.

Mo Duo responded rapidly to the situation though, pouring out his Demon Saint Realm Spiritual Energy that turned into many sharp awls and began stabbing and slashing about madly.

The large net formed by the Yang Kai’s Spiritual Energy became full of holes in an instant. Not only that, his Soul also suffered heavy damage. Blood flowed out of his seven orifices, giving him a ghastly look.

“It’s foolish to compete with me with your Spiritual Energy.” Mo Duo looked like he had the victory in his hand, and revealed a mocking expression on his face. He was not in a hurry to escape this place now because he found that this Shaman Niu was trying to trap him with his Spiritual Energy but ended up getting caught in his own means.

The invisible confrontation continued, while the injuries to Yang Kai’s Soul grew more and more severe, the invisible net having long ago broken. Still, Yang Kai refused to let go.

Mo Duo’s mocking expression soon turned to one of shock because Yang Kai’s endurance far exceeded his imagination.

The Soul was the source of one’s sentience and will, so if the Soul took too much damage, one would turn into a brain-dead walking corpse.

Mo Duo’s attacks were violent and intense, so by now, this Shaman Niu in front of him should have degenerated into a mental invalid. However, Mo Duo found that it was not what he had expected. Shaman Niu looked terrible and he was obviously suffering from unbearable pain in his Soul, but he had still not lost his mind.

Something was protecting his Soul!

Mo Duo was a genuine Demon Saint, so although he did not know about the existence of Soul Warming Lotus specifically, he could still guess the reason behind Yang Kai’s resistance after just a short confrontation.

It was exactly because of the existence of Soul Warming Lotus that Yang Kai dared to fight with Mo Duo in this way.

Mo Duo was also excited by his guess. He strongly surged his Spiritual Energy and peered directly into Yang Kai’s eyes, penetrating through all the barriers around his Knowledge Sea to pry into his secrets.

A treasure that could protect one’s Soul from destruction was a treasure worth seeing.

At that moment, a strange smile appeared on Yang Kai’s pained face.

His left eye suddenly shone with golden light, revealing a majestic vertical pupil. Instantaneously, a budding lotus flashed into Mo Duo’s Knowledge Sea.

Mo Duo groaned angrily. To his surprise, when he was about to resist the Blossoming Lotus Secret Technique, the Spiritual Energy net that had been destroyed by him suddenly contracted. He almost lost his ability to resist due to this sudden change and was quickly being pulled towards the vortex.

Mo Duo was appalled that his body was dragged involuntarily towards the entrance of the Sealed World Bead, while the Blossoming Lotus Secret Technique unfurled in his mind, causing him a splitting headache.

It would be an unforgivable humiliation if he let his opponent succeed in this plot. Although Mo Duo did not know where the vortex led to, he knew that since Yang Kai was sparing no effort to send him there, it would certainly not be a favorable place to him. Perhaps, he would not be able to come out again after he entered.

Enduring the pain in his mind, Mo Duo shouted, “Enough!”

His roar caused the world itself to tremble.

The pulling force paused for a moment as a pitch-black light flew towards them from the sky where the Saints’ battlefield was, straight into Mo Duo’s body, and disappeared.

The initial terrifying aura of Mo Duo soared to a whole new height at that moment.

Yang Kai’s face changed drastically to one of complete bitterness.

He had used all the means at his disposal to drag Mo Duo into the Sealed World Bead where he would have a decisive advantage, but he did not expect that Mo Duo would summon his Soul Clone power back to himself at the last moment, causing him to fall short. At this moment, Mo Duo was a complete Demon Saint, a Demon Saint at his peak.

The stalemate was broken in an instant.

Mo Duo, who restored his full strength, did not even need to exert any effort as the mere vibration of his soaring aura alone already scattered Yang Kai’s Spiritual Energy and Space Principles.

Millions of Demons and Barbarians who were still locked in combat turned to look over to witness an unforgettable scene.

A dark shadow manifested in the air, one that began to grow like an inflating balloon.

Ten metres, fifteen metres, thirty metres, sixty metres…

The dark shadow did not stop growing until it reached three hundred metres tall.

Mo Duo had transformed into a giant monster, one with two slightly curved horns on his head that were so sharp they seemed able to pierce through the sky. His feet turned into two huge hooves that stamped on the ground, making everything in the world look tiny before him. His body was like a copper cast building, emitting a metallic luster, and a visible tornado appeared when he gently breathed out from his nostrils.

After restoring his full strength, Demon Saint Mo Duo turned into a monster like a centaur. Rich Demon Qi surrounded his hill-like body surged like a living being.

At the same time, Yang Kai disappeared together with the Sealed World Bead.

The moment Mo Duo restored his strength, Yang Kai hid.

Mo Duo quickly swept his house-sized eyes across his surroundings, his gaze penetrating the Void to find traces of Yang Kai’s escape.

Lifting his hand, Mo Duo pulled a hair from his body and held it between his fingers, like he was holding an embroidery needle.

Then, he threw the hair forward, his action looking extremely random.

With a whoosh, the hair pierced the Void and disappeared.

A dull groan rang out from ten kilometres away in the next instant as Yang Kai’s figure stumbled and fell to the ground. His abdomen was pierced by a dark energy that nailed him in place. The dark energy was obviously transformed from Mo Duo’s hair, which possessed an exceptionally mysterious force. Not only could Yang Kai not move his body from where he had been fixed, but it was even difficult for him to focus his mind to think.

*Dong Dong Dong…*

Mo Duo strode forward, seemingly walking very slowly, but was in fact moving with incredible speed.

The distance of ten kilometres took him only three breaths of time to cross, and standing in front of Yang Kai, Mo Duo looked down on him from above like he was looking at an ant and sneered, “You should be proud of yourself for forcing me like this.”

When he first appeared, he only used fifty percent of his strength to deal with Yang Kai, thinking that was more than enough. In that state, the two fought almost on par, forcing Mo Duo to increase his strength to seventy percent. Unexpectedly though, he was outmatched by Yang Kai even in that state. Nevertheless, after restoring himself to his peak, he was finally able to trample over his foe.