Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2898, Pillar Holding Up The Heavens

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Heh heh,” Yang Kai smiled, looking positively miserable. Staring up at the mountain-like Mo Duo in front of him, he taunted, “You won, what are you going to do now? Kill me? Then do it quickly, otherwise, I’ll be giving you a surprise later.”

Mo Duo’s expression was cold as he lifted a foot and prepared to stomp on Yang Kai.

For an enemy who had caused him so much trouble, this method of death was too easy, but Mo Duo had already wasted too much time on Yang Kai and no longer had the luxury of concocting a torture plan for him. A quick death was the best option here.

The big hoof crashed into the ground, forming a spider web of cracks and ravines.

Mo Duo frowned slightly at that moment and lifted his foot. A huge hoof-print was left on the ground, but there were no traces of blood or mangled flesh.

He also noticed a trace of Space Principles. Clearly, Shaman Niu had escaped again, and this time even more secretively. Mo Duo glanced around and could not detect any trace of him immediately.

Shaking his huge head, Mo Duo stepped forward towards the direction of the Evergreen Divine Tree.

He no longer wanted to waste his attention on that ant-like existence. In addition to the previous heavy injuries, that ant could no longer stop him after being struck by his Divine Ability. At present, the most important thing was to destroy this giant tree.

The huge body as tall as three hundred metres walked towards his target rampantly, and all the creatures that stood in his way became paste under his feet. Whether it was the Barbarians or the Demons, it was all the same for Mo Duo.

He did not walk fast at first, but his momentum built as he moved, and his casual stroll soon became a charge as swift as the wind.

*Dong Dong Dong Dong…*

Just like a war drum, a stomping sound resounded across the battlefield, and everyone’s hearts began beating violently.

Barbarians and Demons retreated promptly wherever Mo Duo passed, none of them daring to block his path as those who died under his feet were good examples of what would happen if they did.

The Shaman Niu Clan had less than eight thousand people left at this point, and at this moment, all of them had gathered around the Evergreen Divine Tree, taking advantage of its strength to resist the attacks of the Demons. On the other side, more than eight hundred thousand Demons were attacking. Without the shelter of the Evergreen Divine Tree, the remainder of the Shaman Niu Clan would have been destroyed with such a huge difference in numbers.

When they saw Mo Duo rushing towards the Evergreen Divine Tree, desperation crept onto the faces of every Barbarian.

The six Demon Kings who were still struggling hard to protect the tree were the first to desert their posts. Although Yang Kai had given strict orders to them to protect this place, they still lacked the courage to confront a Demon Saint, especially an infuriated one.

The Demon Kings fled, but the Barbarians could not escape. The Evergreen Divine Tree was their only hope to seal the Two Worlds Passage, and it was not easy to persist until now, so how could they be willing to just give up halfway like this?

The Shaman Niu Clan’s circle of defence shrank again, and all of them retreated to the roots of the tree.

From every part of the tree trunk, a low cadence was chanted as the Shamans of the Frost and Snow Clan began to display their strength. They had to use the power of Evergreen Divine Tree to withstand Demon Saint Mo Duo’s impending attack.

A layer of emerald green light in the form of a thick light curtain suddenly appeared, shrouding a radius of a thousand metres. All the Demons were impeded by the extremely durable barrier, and even the Secret Techniques of the Demon Generals, Demon Great Generals, and Demon Kings could only produce ripples on it, unable to break through at all.

This gave the Ancient Barbarians a little hope.

But this hope quickly turned into panic.

In the next moment, Mo Duo’s three-hundred-metre-tall body slammed hard against the emerald green light curtain.

With a loud bang, the light curtain shook violently, and the hearts of every Barbarian leapt into their throats. They looked up at the place where Mo Duo had crashed into the light curtain, forgetting to breathe as worries were etched on their faces.

They were afraid that this light curtain would be broken, and once that happened, no one would be able to stop the Demon Saint’s destructive rampage. Once that happened, the Evergreen Divine Tree would be destroyed here and the last glimmer of hope for the Barbarian Race would be extinguished.

The light curtain held in the end, but its vibrancy obviously dimmed by a substantial amount.

The Ancient Barbarians all breathed a sigh of relief at first, but worry soon returned.

The light curtain could withstand Mo Duo once, but could it withstand his attack twice? Or thrice… or even countless times? There would eventually be a moment when Mo Duo broke through the barrier and reached the Divine Tree.

Right under their worried and anxious gazes, Mo Duo took a few steps back, then tilted his head to look at the emerald green light curtain. Pulling back his fist slightly, he released the mighty punch.

*Hong…*

The light curtain oscillated once more, and its glow dimmed again.

Without waiting for the light curtain to stabilize, Mo Duo’s second punch flew out.

*Hong Hong Hong…*

Every time a house-sized fist hit the light curtain, it produced an unparalleled impact that set every Barbarian’s blood rolling, causing a tightness that made it difficult to breathe, as if Mo Duo was not hitting the light curtain, but their own chests.

*Kacha…*

Finally, a crisp sound reached everyone’s ears, and all the Barbarian’s faces changed. A crack could be clearly seen on the light curtain.

Mo Duo grinned silently, as if proud of his masterpiece, and threw a final punch directly at the place where the crack appeared.

Like the shattering of a mirror, the light curtain provided by the Evergreen Divine Tree was destroyed by the Demon Saint’s unrelenting assault and finally collapsed.

Without the protection of the light curtain, all of the Ancient Barbarians were exposed to the Demon Saint’s wrath. No one could stop him. Mo Duo could wipe out all of them with just a breath.

Mo Duo did not pay attention to these ants though. He was a Demon Saint and had no need to care about the life or death of these weaklings. His goal was only the Evergreen Divine Tree. Taking a big step forward, Mo Duo slammed himself directly into the tree.

Amidst all the horrified screams of the Barbarians, a loud crash echoed from the collision of the three-hundred-metre-tall body of the Demon Saint onto the Divine Tree. The Evergreen Divine Tree shook violently, and countless green leaves fell from its canopy, wilting before they even touched the ground.

At the same time, as if struck by lightning, the Frost and Snow Clan Shamans hiding everywhere inside the Evergreen Divine Tree grunted, and more than ten were killed directly.

They had been hiding in the tree trunk, and although they could utilize the power of the Evergreen Divine Tree and also take shelter inside of it, their lives were also closely bound to the life of the Evergreen Divine Tree.

This was the Secret Technique developed by the Frost and Snow Clan after coexisting with Evergreen Divine Tree for tens of thousands of years.

The impact of Mo Duo’s slam was distributed to all parts of the tree, so the Shamans who could not bear the impact naturally died.

Mo Duo was extremely dissatisfied with this attack though as anger crept onto his face. It seemed that he was expecting the results of his attack to do more than just knocking down some leaves.

Before he could attack a second time though, the Frost and Snow Clan counterattacked.

From the top of the tree crown, numerous soft branches that turned into long whips flew out in a volley towards Mo Duo. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Previously, the Shaman Masters of the Frost and Snow Clan relied on this method to help the Shaman Niu Clan hold out against the siege of several hundred thousand Demons, killing and wounding countless enemies in the process.

But such an attack was obviously too weak to work against a Demon Saint. The long whips that seemed to have Heaven-destroying and Earth-shattering power did not have any effect on him other than to rouse Mo Duo’s ferocity.

Mo Duo extended his hands and grabbed a bunch of the branch whips, yanked on them fiercely, and broke them all cleanly in half. After breaking several dozen of these assaulting branches, Mo Duo grew a little irritated and decided to ignore these attacks and focus on the tree trunk itself.

There was an endless rumbling with every collision as the Evergreen Divine Tree shook more and more wildly. A rain of leaves fell, and more Frost and Snow Clan Shamans perished.

But no matter how hard Mo Duo tried, the Evergreen Divine Tree remained standing, like a grand pillar holding up the Heavens.

Mo Duo was finally furious and stopped slamming himself against the tree, instead choosing to climb up its trunk with his hands and feet while tearing down branches from the trunk as he ascended.

The Shaman Masters of the Frost and Snow Clan were unable to stop his destructive pace, and wherever Mo Duo passed, the Evergreen Divine Tree would be left scarred, with its branches and bark stripped clean.

The Demons nearby watched Mo Duo’s movements before they quickly followed suit, rushing towards the Evergreen Divine Tree. The ones that could fly directly flew, destroying everything that could be destroyed, while those that could not fly climbed the trunk, wreaking havoc on everything in their path.

The guardian deity of the Frost and Snow Clan, the Evergreen Divine Tree, which had lived for tens of thousands of years, was instantly invaded by the Demons, just like countless ants invading a sugar gourd that stood spectacularly and majestically on the ground.

There were many limitations to what the Shamans of the Frost and Snow Clan could do now. Even if they used the power of the Evergreen Divine Tree, they could only sweep away some ordinary Demons, providing some assistance to the remainder of the struggling Shaman Niu Clan below.

To some extent, they had done well enough. Without them, the Shaman Niu Clan would have been annihilated, and the Evergreen Divine Tree would not have been able to grow steadily all this while.

But this was their limit.

Failure was close at hand, and every Ancient Barbarian was devastated.

Yue and Lu, the twins, scanned the battlefield in search of a particular figure. Although they did not think that person was not strong enough to turn the tides of this situation before them, he was still their only hope.

But they could not find the one they sought. That figure never appeared after receiving the last heavy blow and was either dead or hiding somewhere.

The twins would rather believe that he was indeed dead though, as the thought of him deserting them was simply unbearable.

*Guang…*

A loud noise echoed from above at that moment, and with a rustle, as though it was raining bodies, countless upwardly climbing Demons fell down from the Evergreen Divine Tree, its huge trunk suddenly became much cleaner.

Yue and Lu looked up at the familiar sound in shock. Although their vision was obscured by the giant tree crown, they knew that the figure they were looking for had returned.