Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2899, Demon Transformation

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai showed himself in the sky again. His face was as pale as a paper, and he looked like he had almost reached his limits. The Mountains and Rivers Bell had expanded itself into a giant object floating in front of him, constantly sending out an ancient and desolate rhythm. The visible sound waves propagated forth, shaking off countless Demons who were clinging to the Evergreen Divine Tree. The weaker Demons exploded into blood mist before they could reach the ground, while only the stronger Demons had the power to somewhat resist.

But even the Demon Great Generals took serious damage, having blood leak from their seven orifices and becoming dazed and confused. Only the Demon Kings could withstand this assault with great difficulty, but they still had to retreat to the ground to keep a distance from the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

The bell rang more than ten times, clearing all the Demons from the Evergreen Divine Tree.

Only Mo Duo remained, his huge body still ascending rapidly. The sound waves from the Mountains and River Bell hit his flesh, but it could not stop his pace despite causing some visible ripples.

“Bastard, did you come out just to die?” Mo Duo roared, accelerating his pace as his huge eyes stared straight in Yang Kai’s direction through the layers of leaves.

Finally, he overcame all the obstacles and arrived just below the small Barbarian. Mo Duo grinned, and he reached out his hand to grab Yang Kai. Yang Kai did not evade though, or rather could not evade. Every attack of the Demon Saint harmonized with the Heavens and Earth. Although this attack did not seem quick, it was infused with the essence of Mo Duo’s lifetime of cultivation and comprehension of the Grand Dao, making it all but impossible to avoid.

Grasping Yang Kai in his big hand was like catching an insignificant bug, Mo Duo pulled him towards himself and slightly tightened his grip.

The clear sound of cracking reverberated, the sound of bones breaking. Even Yang Kai’s body with his Dragon Transformation Secret Technique failed to resist the brute force of the Demon Saint, especially one in his peak condition.

However, instead of showing a pained expression, Yang Kai looked calm. Mo Duo noticed his abnormal calmness and felt extremely annoyed by it.

“If you still have any other moves, make them now. I’d like to see if you can still stop me!” Mo Duo snorted coldly, each breath forming a gust of wind from his nostrils.

“It’s true that I still have one more move…” Yang Kai smiled faintly at him.

Mo Duo was struck speechless. He did not really expect that this little Barbarian was still hiding a card up his sleeve even now; but soon, he became indifferent. No matter what move his opponent had yet to reveal, it was impossible to have an effect on him, a Demon Saint who had restored his peak strength. Only if Yang Kai could obtain strength on par with his own would it make a difference now.

Mo Duo said no more, and the force of his grip increased sharply, preparing to crush this insolent Barbarian to death.

The sounds of bones breaking grew more intense, but Yang Kai seemed to feel no pain. Suddenly, he stretched out his hand and wiped his thumb across his forehead, whispering with an incredibly solemn expression, “Demon Transformation!”

*Ka Cha…*

A crisp sound was heard, as if something had just been broken.

Mo Duo instinctively felt a sense of dread, which made him very uncomfortable, like something beyond his imagination was about to happen. Demon Saints were particularly sensitive to danger, so he firmly believed in his bout of intuition.

He rapidly increased the force of his hand, but this time, Mo Duo’s face changed greatly. His already huge eyes suddenly widened even more as if he saw something unbelievable.

Inexplicably, there was an unparalleled resistance to his grip. This resistance made Mo Duo feel that it came from the same source as his Demon Qi, but it seemed to be much more ancient, leaving him flabbergasted.

Dark energy suddenly burst from his fingers like paste before gradually condensing back in and exuding a shocking aura. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The right eye of the little Barbarian in his hand suddenly turned pitch-black, like a bottomless abyss that could devour everything in the world.

Mo Duo fell into a trance for a moment as he stared into the pitch-black eye, his very Soul trembling from restlessness.

In the next moment, his face changed drastically and he shouted, “How can you have the aura of the Ancient Demons!?”

He finally understood what this aura pulsing from this small Barbarian was. It was clearly the exceedingly pure Ancient Demon Aura. The Ancient Demons were existences far older than him, the ancestors of the Demon Race and the progenitors of the entire Demon Realm. It was these Ancient Demons who founded the Demon Realm and opened up a space for the survival of all Demons. After thousands of years of reproduction, only then did the current Demon Race come into existence.

The Ancient Demons had not perished though, and even now, there were some Ancient Demons still living in the Demon Realm. Each of the Ancient Demons was an extremely powerful existence, Masters that even the Demon Saints would have to show deference to.

However, although the Ancient Demons were powerful, they had incredibly low sentience. They were like a group of uncivilized beasts that could only depend on natural instincts. Even the Great Demon God could not get them to heed.

In the Demon Realm, the number of surviving Ancient Demons could be counted on one hand, so not to mention the ordinary Demons, even the Demon Saints may not see a living Ancient Demon in their entire lifetime. They all lived in the harshest, most secluded environments, rarely showing their faces.

Mo Duo was lucky to have seen an Ancient Demon once before. At that time, he accidentally broke into the place an Ancient Demon lived, and as a result, he was treated as an invader and was chased for several hundred thousand kilometres. He almost did not survive that experience; therefore, he still remembered the aura of the Ancient Demons clearly.

How could he not be shocked to suddenly see the Demon Qi of an Ancient Demon in this foreign world?

Nevertheless, he finally understood why the Demon Qi from his Demon Heart did not work on this Barbarian, because he had Ancient Demon Qi in his body that could naturally resist the erosion of his Demon Qi.

But… the question was how? How could the Ancient Demon Qi be found in a foreigner?

Yang Kai did not answer, and it was unknown whether he did not want to answer or he did not hear the question. At this moment, he only felt that his Soul was in turmoil. After releasing the gold and silver seal in his Dantian, he immediately felt a power that exceeded his imagination flooding his body vigorously. Thanks to the blessing of this power, Yang Kai could not help feeling a sense of omnipotence, as if he could grasp the Moon and pluck the Stars from the sky just by raising his hand.

While gaining great power, all kinds of evils hidden in his heart were also awakened and magnified, causing Yang Kai to gradually lose his consciousness and sense of reason. His intact left eye quivered violently, rolling rapidly up and down, left and right as if it was out of control, all while his dark right eye remained like an unmoving void, a sharp contrast to his active left eye. It was an especially strange and unnerving sight.

An inexplicably dark aura rose in his Knowledge Sea, one that seemed to have a strong corrosive aura. Everything it passed by turned dim, and the clouds which held Yang Kai’s memories were dyed black, losing their once colourful light.

Yang Kai swiftly hid his Soul Avatar inside the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus Island, trying his best to maintain his last trace of consciousness with the help of this Supreme Treasure.

This was not his first time undergoing the Demon Transformation, but this time was a little different than before. He found that the power he gained was stronger, as if he had gradually adapted to the unsealing of Demon Qi in his body and could unleash its power to a greater extent, but correspondingly, he had to pay a bigger price for it.

This was his last resort, one he did not dare to use without first exhausting all other options, because every time he used the Demon Transformation, he would risk losing his mind and becoming a Demon who would no longer recognize friend or family.

But in the face of the overwhelming force of a Demon Saint, Yang Kai had no choice.

It turned out that his six-metre tall body had grown taller again after the Demon Transformation. The growth forced open Mo Duo’s palm, and Yang Kai continued growing until he was ten metres tall, the short horns on his head also growing longer.

Then, a certain phenomenon left Yang Kai pleasantly surprised.

It seemed that the Dragon Transformation Secret Technique had some slight restraining effect on his Demon Transformation. Although his Knowledge Sea was in chaos now, he could still maintain his consciousness. This was not only the credit of the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus, but rather a joint effect of it and his Dragon Transformation.

Yang Kai did not understand how this happened, but he guessed that it was related to his Golden Divine Dragon Source.

His Dragon Transformation was a Secret Technique that drew out the latent power of his Golden Divine Dragon Source, and so far, Yang Kai had probably only managed to tap less than a single percent of this Source Strength. If he could fully utilize the Golden Divine Dragon Source, perhaps he could really transform into a True Dragon and swim through the universe freely as an overlord, instead of only becoming a ten metre tall Half-Dragon hybrid like his current situation.

The Golden Divine Dragon Source Strength was incredibly overbearing and tyrannical, while the Ancient Demon Qi was extremely corrosive. The two were clearly opposites in nature, but now that they coexisted in Yang Kai’s body and were unleashed at the same time, they actually ended up mutually reinforcing and restraining one another.

Yang Kai thirsted for power, and the Ancient Demon Qi could provide what he wanted, which manifested through his Demon Transformation, but he did not want to lose his mind in the process, so his Dragon Transformation and Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus protected his last trace of sentience in his Knowledge Sea.

Excruciating pain filled every inch of Yang Kai’s body, as if he was broken into a million pieces and then was smashed back together. This was not only the reformation of his flesh and bones, but also his organs and viscera.

Such pain would be unbearable to anyone.

But Yang Kai, who actually remained sober and conscious the whole time, felt pain that was ten to twenty times stronger than usual, far exceeding his tolerance limit.

He screamed to the sky, his body trembling violently, as his left eye flickered even more wildly.

Mo Duo’s face changed even more drastically as he found that no matter how hard he tried, he could not close the grip of his hand again to crush this previously insignificant bug.

This foreigner suddenly gained enough strength to compete with him.

Mo Duo could not accept such an outcome.

He nailed his feet firmly in place to stabilize himself, then stretched out his other hand to crush Yang Kai’s head with a maddened face.

Yang Kai’s screams suddenly stopped at that moment, while the cracking sounds from his body came to a stop.

At this moment, he had been completely wrapped in a mass of black Qi and his figure could no longer be seen clearly, but the strangest thing was that the darkness in his right eye was still clear and prominent, an almost incomprehensible phenomenon.

“The Ancient Demon’s eye!” Mo Duo finally identified the particularity of this eye with utter shock.