Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2900, Black Eye Reappears

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Ancient Demons in the Demon Realm came in different forms and sizes, but all of them possessed unrivalled strength.

Mo Duo was aware of a certain one-eyed Ancient Demon, who was as huge as a mountain and could unleash an incredible Divine Ability.

He could not help recalling all kinds of memories about the Ancient Demons when he saw the abnormality in Yang Kai’s right eye.

His heart jumped and he secretly prayed that his guess was wrong, because if it was true, this foreigner might really be able to compete with him.

“Black Eye Purgatory, Infinite Darkness!”

Mo Duo’s heart sank at the words that came from the foreigner’s mouth. At the same time, the whole world instantly turned black. The clouds above his head disappeared, the surrounding colourful scenery vanished in darkness.

A huge eye hovered high in the dark sky, and it was the only thing that could be seen clearly in this void. But rather than being seen, this Black Eye was felt. In this extremely dark environment, every living being could clearly feel the presence of the huge eye, like a dark moon hanging high in the sky, overlooking all things in the world.

All the Demons involuntarily stopped their actions and looked up in the direction of the eye. Panic, followed by awe and worship filled their faces, including the faces of the Demon Kings. They suddenly became stupefied, forgetting what they were doing, and displaying pious looks at the huge eye like any other ordinary Demon.

The huge eye hanging in the sky seemed to have turned the world into a cage, and all the Demons imprisoned in it had lost themselves.

Mo Duo was appalled because the thing that he dreaded the most was really happening. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The eye indeed belonged to the Ancient Demon he knew, and this so-called Black Eye Purgatory was the Innate Divine Ability of that one-eyed Ancient Demon.

[Did this foreigner obtain the one Black Eye of the Ancient Demon? How did he get it? How could he integrate it into his body? Since they merged, why was he not assimilated by it?]

All kinds of questions spun in Mo Duo’s mind, but he could not find a reasonable explanation.

Just then, Yang Kai’s attack arrived.

The huge eye hanging in the sky suddenly blinked, and a dark light was fired from above, striking Mo Duo’s head directly, catching him off guard.

Mo Duo’s expression was blank. Even though he was a Demon Saint, he could not help having hallucinations after being hit by such an attack. It was as if he had returned to his bedroom in the Demon Realm, enjoying a comfortable life, away from all the disputes and killings. Such a life calmed his bloodlust and dulled his fighting spirit.

The grip of his big hand loosened a little, and Yang Kai took the opportunity to jump out of it.

However, Mo Duo was a Demon Saint in the end. Although he was affected by the Black Eye, it only took a moment for him to dispel this illusion and without hesitation, he sent a deadly palm at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai reached out his hand to the emptiness and summoned a War Hammer into his grasp.

He ignored the attack from Mo Duo, raised the War Hammer, and swung it down hard on his enemy’s head.

With a loud bang, the two landed their attacks on each other at the same time. Yang Kai’s ten-metre-tall body was slapped away by Mo Duo like a rag sack, while Mo Duo’s forehead bled from the heavy slam of the Demonic War Hammer. The huge force penetrated into his head and through his body, crumbling his climbing posture. Mo Duo’s gigantic body fell downwards like a meteorite towards the ground.

The Demons on the ground who had lost themselves in blind worship to the Black Eye in the sky were crushed beneath Mo Duo’s body, resulting in large casualties.

Mo Duo stood up, shaking his head. The blood on his forehead blurred his vision, but his expression became ferocious. He closed his eyes to resist the coercive power of the Black Eye in the sky and searched for Yang Kai in the dark.

Yang Kai did not even try to hide though. His nature had changed drastically after the Demon Transformation, and even though his Dragon Transformation and Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus were protecting his Soul, the release of the Ancient Demon Qi and the use of this Innate Divine Ability still caused a great impact on him.

His desire to kill was magnified many times over and he now only had one goal, to slaughter the three-hundred-metre-tall Demon Saint! To achieve this goal, he was willing to pay any price.

After being slapped away by Mo Duo, Yang Kai quickly stabilized his body and rushed towards his foe with the Demonic War Hammer held up high. He subconsciously used his Space Principles and appeared directly in front of Mo Duo.

Mo Duo was naturally able to react to such an obvious attack and raised his fist to punch forward.

The Demonic War Hammer collided with the gigantic fist and a violent explosion spread out, shattering the local space and instantly killing all the nearby Demons.

Mo Duo’s fist bones cracked, while Yang Kai rebounded backwards, spewing blood, looking utterly helpless.

However, he did not seem to have any perception of pain, and after stabilizing his stance, he pounced at Mo Duo again.

For a moment, the two clashed violently with each other, exchanging head-on attacks in the intense battle.

Mo Duo’s gigantic body had the upper hand at this moment, and although Yang Kai could cause him some injuries each time, these injuries did not have much impact on him for he had the excellent physical qualities of a Demon Saint. On the contrary, Yang Kai was exposed to Mo Duo’s storm of counterattacks each time they clashed, sending him flying out again and again.

But at this moment, Yang Kai was like an immortal cockroach. Even if he fell into a great disadvantage, he fought on against Mo Duo, refusing to give in as he maintained the Black Eye Purgatory.

The fallout of their battle brought bad luck to the Demons.

Up to a million Demons had gathered below the Evergreen Divine Tree, and Yang Kai had enveloped all of them when he used his Black Eye Purgatory. In the face of the Ancient Demon’s Black Eye, all other Demons fell into trances and kept worshipping without knowing to retreat or dodge all the incoming disasters.

Many collapsed from the aftermath of the battle, and in just a stick worth of incense, half of the million Demons were either critically injured or killed. The ground flooded with blood and corpses piled up like mountains, making for a gruesome scene.

Mo Duo was already maddened as he watched the giant tree grow continuously but was unable to stop it. He had never been this furious before.

If possible, he did not want to bother with Yang Kai as he had only one goal, which was to destroy the Evergreen Divine Tree and stop it from sealing the Two Worlds Passage. Before Yang Kai used his Demon Transformation, Mo Duo never thought that this task would give him any difficulty. The giant tree had barely any offensive power and could only grow, so Mo Duo assumed he could destroy it easily; however, after Yang Kai’s Demon Transformation, he found that this was now almost an impossible task.

Only if Mo Duo could kill this foreigner named Shaman Niu first would he be free to destroy the strange tree, but if he could do that, he would have done it long ago. Why wait until now?

Exchanging another ten moves, Mo Duo gained various sized wounds on his body before managing to swat Yang Kai away and take an opportunity to look up, his face darkening in the next instant.

Because he found that after such a long delay, the giant tree was just about to reach the top of the Two Worlds Passage, blocking it completely. According to the growth rate of the giant tree, it would probably be able to successfully seal the passage as long as it was given another half a stick worth of incense.

Mo Duo roared, ignored Yang Kai’s interference, and took a big step towards the Evergreen Divine Tree, leaping over a thousand metres through the air as he crashed towards it.

Mo Duo’s giant body was unimaginably agile and flexible, so with this one leap, he managed to firmly grasp the trunk and scramble up it again.

Before he could advance much though, Yang Kai appeared on top of him like a ghost.

He furiously smashed Mo Duo’s head with the Demonic War Hammer that was enveloped in rich Ancient Demon Qi and permeated a world-destroying aura.

Mo Duo’s face changed slightly as he raised his hand to block this blow.

The hammer struck and broke bone, causing Mo Duo’s gigantic body to stagger for a moment and almost fall, but he refused to let go as he put his all into maintaining his own stability.

Yang Kai was relentless though as he smashed down with the hammer for the second time, followed by a third time, then a fourth time…

*Hong hong hong hong…*

Mo Duo was beaten like a sandbag, completely losing all dignity as a Demon Saint. The arm blocking his head had long been deformed, the bones inside shattered, leaving only a limp mass of bloodied flesh.

He finally could not endure any more and was smashed down from the tree by Yang Kai.

During the fall, however, Mo Duo grinned.

Because in the sky, another Mo Duo appeared out of nowhere. Although he was not three hundred metres tall, he was still several dozens of metres tall. It was obviously his Soul Clone.

No one knew when Mo Duo separated a Soul Clone, and even Yang Kai was unaware of it until now. After using his Demon Transformation, Yang Kai’s senses and awareness were greatly dulled, because he had only one goal in his mind, making his response to other things extremely weak.

Mo Duo took advantage of this and easily sent his Soul Clone out.

At this moment, the Soul Clone stood in front of the Black Eye that was hanging in the sky, his hands intertwining into various Seals while he chanted incoherent words, his body releasing an exceptionally profound and mysterious aura.

By the looks of it, it was obvious that the Soul Clone had maintained this state for some time and was just about to finish whatever it was trying to do.

Mo Duo’s Soul Clone suddenly stopped and raised his arms to palm at the Black Eye.

A spark of radiance suddenly appeared on the Black Eye, and as if it had a strong infectious power, rapidly spread, soon occupying half of the Black Eye in a flash. Furthermore, this radiance showed no signs of slowing its advance.

Yang Kai finally noticed something was amiss and stopped in mid-air to turn and look at the Black Eye.

Then, he roared and rushed upwards, seemingly wanting to stop the spread of the repugnant radiance.

But it was too late. When the radiance covered the Black Eye, the whole world regained its light again, and the darkness was broken. At that moment, Yang Kai, who had been soaring upwards, let out a shrill scream, as if he was struck by lightning. Copious amounts of blood seeped from his right eye as his whole body fell straight to the ground, smashing a giant pit where it landed.