Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2901, Cross-World Attack

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Innate Divine Ability, Black Eye Purgatory, was forcefully dispelled by Mo Duo, causing Yang Kai to suffer from a severe backlash. With his vitality roiling and his head feeling like it had been split in two, Yang Kai could only scream miserably.

Taking this opportunity, Mo Duo finally got rid of Yang Kai’s disturbance and flew upwards. In just a few breaths of time, he was already ten thousand metres above the ground and was just about to reach the crown of the tree.

But at this time, Yang Kai suddenly flickered strangely in front of him, holding the Demonic War Hammer and smashed at him furiously, Demon Qi erupting from all over his body.

Mo Duo hurriedly leapt to the trunk nearby to evade Yang Kai’s blow.

The two looked at each other across the short distance between them. Mo Duo was boiling in anger, while Yang Kai’s expression could not be seen due to the wrapping of Demon Qi, but his eyes were more energetic and clearer than before. Resting the Demonic War Hammer on his shoulder he seemed to grin menacingly and remarked coldly, “Thanks for shaking my consciousness awake, otherwise, I’m afraid I really wouldn’t have been able to escape from that chaotic state.”

Mo Duo’s face changed slightly and replied in a cold voice, “How do you plan to stop me now without the power of the Black Eye?”

He noticed that Yang Kai’s aura had greatly reduced after the Innate Divine Ability of the Black Eye was dispelled, so although he recovered his rational mind, he was now no longer a match for him.

Yang Kai smiled lightly, and pointed his finger to the sky, “I can’t stop you, but… I just need to delay you for a moment.”

Hearing this, Mo Duo’s face darkened as Yang Kai was speaking the truth. Even if he was no longer Mo Duo’s opponent, that didn’t mean he couldn’t give him some trouble and delay his pace. As long as Yang Kai could buy just a bit more time, the Evergreen Divine Tree would have the opportunity to seal the Two Worlds Passage.

The tree crown had now reached right below the top of the passage, almost completely covering it with its broad trunk and canopy. As long as it continued growing, it would soon accomplish its mission.

“You can try!” Mo Duo roared as he kicked off the branch he was standing on and shot upwards like a cannon, sending out a punch as he soared into the sky.

Strangely, Yang Kai appeared in front of this fist, as if he had thrown himself at it.

Yang Kai was shocked as he had not anticipated this move. The punch sent him flying, but nevertheless, his reaction was incredibly fast. Immediately, he teleported the moment he was about to be hit and his figure reappeared in a blink above Mo Duo. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He swung the Demon Qi empowered Demonic War Hammer at Mo Duo’s head with Heaven-destroying and Earth-shattering power.

“Damn you!” Mo Duo bellowed as he raised his hand to block the blow.

With a loud bang, Mo Duo’s gigantic body fell back several tens of metres, but he quickly stabilized himself again. He was so infuriated that his two house-sized eyes almost ignited in rage.

After the Black Eye Purgatory was dispelled, Yang Kai’s strength had dropped significantly, which was obvious from the power of his hammering. Before, when Yang Kai struck with his hammer, it would be enough to send Mo Duo tumbling, but now, such a blow could only force him back a couple dozen metres.

Even so, Yang Kai was still the biggest obstacle in front of him. If Mo Duo did not destroy this obstruction, he wouldn’t be able to move on, but how could he have time to fight with this foreigner now?

He had underestimated Yang Kai. In fact, all the Demon Saints underestimated Yang Kai. If they had known that this foreigner wielded such strange power, they would have sent two Demon Saints to deal with him.

Mo Duo blew a long whistle to ask for helpers.

But he received no response.

The other four Demon Saints were fighting with the four Shaman Saints of the Barbarian Race at the moment. Both sides had an even number, so no one could get away easily. Mo Duo was on his own.

*Kacha…*

A strange noise suddenly sounded, causing Mo Duo’s eyelids to jump and his head to quickly turn up. At that moment, he saw the giant crown of the strange tree fill the last crack of the Two Worlds Passage, and though it seemed to twist and deform under the pressure, it still managed to complete the seal.

It was too late. It was all too late. Mo Duo was devastated.

Yang Kai burst into laughter despite his ravaged and dishevelled state. Listening to this mocking laughter, Mo Duo felt extremely offended and embarrassed, and the suppressed anger in his chest erupted completely like a volcano.

Yang Kai’s laughter abruptly stopped, as if someone had grabbed his throat all of a sudden.

Mo Duo also turned solemn as he obviously felt something as well.

Both of them looked up at the same time, their gazes penetrating through space as they stared straight into the depths of the Two Worlds Passage.

From the depths of the corridor, a black cloud suddenly appeared strangely above the tree crown. The black cloud pressed down slowly, and even though it did not move with great speed, it possessed a powerful oppressive force, as if nothing in the world could stop its advance. In the process of falling, the black cloud gradually twisted and transformed into a huge hand that seemed to cover the sky.

“Sir Demon God!” Mo Duo exclaimed.

“Great Demon God!” Yang Kai bellowed hoarsely.

In the Demon Realm, the strongest Master was Great Demon God, who was an existence more powerful than even Demon Saints. It was he who tore open the World Barrier of the two Great Worlds, opened the passage between the Demon Realm and this one, and brought destruction and disaster to it.

Given that the Demon Saints were already so strong, just how powerful could the Great Demon God who was superior to them be? Yang Kai thought about this question before, but he could not find an answer, just like when he was still an Origin Returning Realm cultivator and could not imagine the terror of a Dao Source Realm Master. Before one reached a certain Realm, they would still be lacking comprehension no matter how rich their imagination was.

The Great Demon God stood at a height too high for Yang Kai to even speculate about.

But at this moment, he could easily feel the terror of the Great Demon God. A simple palm transformed from the black cloud already seemed to be able to destroy a world. It was the power that even the Demon Saints would fear.

As the huge hand pressed down, cracking sounds came up from the crown of the Evergreen Divine Tree. The giant tree could not continue to grow, and instead was being pressed down.

Mo Duo did not look at this scene with joy in his eyes though; instead, he was full of fear. Beads of sweat trickled down his forehead as his nearly three-hundred-metre-tall body shivered.

As a Demon Saint who was sent to this world by Great Demon God, he had failed his mission to stop the foreign race’s plan of sealing the Two Worlds Passage, forcing the Great Demon God to step in personally. Even if the Demon Race achieved a great victory after this battle, he and the other four Demon Saints would definitely not be able to avoid punishment.

The punishment of Great Demon God was not something that anyone could bear, even if one was a Demon Saint.

*Xiu…*

A strange noise sounded, and Mo Duo turned to look, his face changing drastically as he roared, “How dare you!?”

When he was truly shocked and incensed as Shaman Niu actually flew up with a solemn face and charged towards the Two Worlds Passage. Looking at his movements, it seemed that he wanted to use his own strength to block whatever method Great Demon God was using to interfere.

This frightened Mo Duo.

He was not afraid that Shaman Niu had the ability to do so. Since the Great Demon God had made his move, no matter how powerful Shaman Niu was, it would amount to nothing before the Great Demon God. However, he could not allow Shaman Niu to disturb the Great Demon God, not in the slightest.

Mo Duo chased after him and wanted to stop him in advance. Nevertheless, his body was too massive and his movements were not as flexible as Shaman Niu’s, so he could only watch as Shaman Niu rushed into the Two Worlds Passage and disappeared.

Mo Duo grew increasingly anxious as he flew up, his Demon Qi surging madly as he quickly reached the tree crown that was previously unreachable to him in less than ten breaths time.

Without any intention of remaining though, Mo Duo also rushed directly into the Two Worlds Passage to kill Yang Kai.

The inside of the Two Worlds Passage was nothing but emptiness and chaos. There were no identifying markers one could use to gain a sense of direction, and even a Demon Saint would shiver with unease in this endless void. No matter how powerful a Master was, he may be trapped forever if he lost his way here.

Feeling unimaginable pressure pressing down from above his head, Mo Duo looked up and saw Great Demon God’s giant palm pressing towards him, but Shaman Niu was nowhere to be seen.

This palm was Great Demon God’s sudden cross-world attack, yet it still felt unmatchable.

Mo Duo did not dare to release his Divine Sense to search for Yang Kai, because the surrounding Void Turbulence would devour it before it provided any useful information.

As he was looking for Yang Kai though, Yang Kai appeared strangely beside him and charged at him like a meteor. Facing the unexpected attack, Mo Duo could not stand firm and was directly pushed back.

Yang Kai struck Mo Duo’s chest head-on while pushing his Space Principles wildly, using the very Void Turbulence to drive himself and Mo Duo towards the giant palm.

Mo Duo’s face went completely pale as he struggled hard, but in this place where Space Principle dominated all others, he soon found that he could not free himself from Yang Kai’s control and was getting closer and closer to the palm print of Great Demon God.

“What are you doing!?” Mo Duo was equal parts enraged and terrified as a frightening thought surfaced in his mind.

“I need your help!” Yang Kai grinned madly at him, but Mo Duo obviously did not see this expression.

His words turned Mo Duo’s face green as his gigantic body started to tremble. He fought even more vigorously and nearly broke away from Yang Kai’s grasp several times, but all to no avail.

Yang Kai hurriedly waved his hands and drew rivers of Void Turbulence over to bind Mo Duo.

Having been caught, Mo Duo ceased his futile efforts.

“Do you know what you’re doing!?” Mo Duo knew he could not break free by force, so he could only try to persuade Yang Kai to change his mind, “You’ll die too!”

Without saying a word, Yang Kai pushed Mo Duo with all his strength to meet the giant palm.

“Madman, you are a madman!” Mo Duo yelled, “I won’t be used by you! It is my honour to die at the hands of the Great Demon God, there’s no meaning in what you’re trying to accomplish!”

“You have Ancient Demon Qi flowing through you and the Ancient Demon’s Solitary Black Eye. Although you were born a Barbarian, you are also Half-Demon. Furthermore, you have proven your strength! Give up now and Great Demon God will forgive you! Anything you want from the Demon Race will be yours.”

“Why are you still not stopping? It will be too late if you don’t stop now!”

Mo Duo kept screaming, his face becoming more and more panicked, but Yang Kai flat out ignored every word he said.

Finally, the two of them reached right in front of Great Demon God’s giant palm and Mo Duo shut his mouth because he knew it was too late to say anything now. Even if Yang Kai released him, he would still not be able to escape from the Great Demon God’s attack.

The manhua is catching up to the novel and I expect it to overtake us within a month. Realistically, it is impossible to keep pace with it unless the quality drastically drops.

So, I made a survey to gauge which path you guys would like me to take.

Vote!!!

Do note that the release rate of 25 chapters is close to the limit PewPew can check. To keep pace with the manhua, we would need to be uploading at least 50 chapters a week. It’s basically impossible for me, PewPew, Dheal and Leo to check that many chapters each week. That is around 7 – 8 chapters a day after all. (Do note that this is at least)

It’s only possible to keep up that pace if I were to upload what the other translators does without any checks. However, that would mean that the terms would no longer be consistent and grammar and expressions are vastly different. It would be worse than when we first increased the chapters per week from 13 to 25.

Well, these are just thoughts at the moment. Do give me feedback in the comments.