Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2932, Mirror Soul

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai seemed to have traveled through an endless tunnel of time and space, and by the time he recovered, he was in a whole other world.

Right in front of him, an elderly man was smiling at him, and there was also a man beside him who was sitting cross-legged. The man had a dignified appearance with a stately demeanour, dressed in purple robes. Who else could it be but Wen Zi Shan?

“Senior Tian Yan!” Yang Kai quickly bowed his head to the old man. After not seeing him for so many years, Tian Yan still looked the same as usual without any changes.

Speaking of which, Tian Yan was a Great Emperor level Master and did not have a physical body. He was only living in the Divine Ascension World in the form of a Soul, so it was naturally impossible for him to change too much.

“You’re here,” Tian Yan stroked his beard, seemingly having anticipated Yang Kai’s arrival.

Yang Kai asked, “How did I emerge here so coincidentally? Was it due to Senior’s help?”

They were currently at a mountain peak that towered high into the clouds, and he had no idea where in the Divine Ascension Mirror World this was. It was clearly no coincidence that he emerged here, so someone must have intervened to make this happen.

Tian Yan shook his head, “Not me. It was he who brought you here.” While speaking, Tian Yan motioned to the side.

Only when he looked over did Yang Kai discover a young boy not far away. That boy was chubby and cute and appeared to be around seven or eight years old. He was currently chasing after a fluttering butterfly, playing happily.

“He is…” Yang Kai was stunned as he had no idea what the origins of this boy were to have such amazing ability.

Gao Xue Ting also appeared here, but her attention was completely on Wen Zi Shan. After carefully checking and confirming that Wen Zi Shan was in no danger, only having suffered a small injury, she finally set her mind at ease. She then turned to Tian Yan and bowed politely, “Senior.”

Tian Yan smiled, “I remember you, little girl. You were only sixteen the first time you came in, right?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Gao Xue Ting blushed and answered in a quiet voice, “Senior has a good memory.”

It was so long ago that even she herself didn’t remember that occasion clearly, so she didn’t expect Tian Yan to recall it so easily.

“Senior, what happened here?” Gao Xue Ting wasn’t in the mood to waste too much time on idle chatter though. She just wanted to figure out what happened as soon as possible, and why Wu Kuang would make off with the Bustling World Great Emperor’s body.

Tian Yan explained, “Old Friend Hong Chen encountered some trouble, so he came to this Old Master for help. This Old Master had been studying with him for many days and we were barely able to find a way to separate their two Souls. If we had succeeded, then we would’ve been able to imprison Brother Wu’s soul here in the Divine Ascension World, and old friend Hong Chen would have regained his freedom. Even though things did not go so well at first, we were still making progress; however, something suddenly rushed into the Divine Ascension World and affected its stability. Brother Wu took advantage of that moment to attack and injure both Old Friend Hong Chen and Little Friend Wen here before escaping.”

Yang Kai was stunned at his words, “Does that mean that Senior Hong Chen is alive?”

Tian Yan smiled at him and replied, “Even though Brother Wu’s technique is incredibly powerful, it’s not that easy to kill Old Friend Hong Chen. Did he tell you that Old Friend Hong Chen was already dead?”

Yang Kai answered, “That is what he said, but… no wonder he was willing to let us go despite how strong his murderous intent was. Turns out it was not out of goodwill, but rather Senior Hong Chen’s interference.” It was only then that Yang Kai realized why Wu Kuang did not kill them earlier.

Tian Yan said, “If he escaped, then he escaped. With Old Friend Hong Chen holding him back, it will be impossible for Brother Wu to act as he pleases. I’m afraid this will not be a very pleasant situation for Old Friend Hong Chen though, having his body occupied and his own Soul suppressed… Forget it, let’s not talk about things we cannot control anymore. Our goal now should first be to solve the Divine Ascension World’s crisis.”

Yang Kai’s expression turned serious as he looked up and saw that the sky looked dark and heavy, as if a great storm was brewing. Even sparks of thunder could be seen inside the dark clouds. It was a frightening sight, to say the least.

Only, he had no idea why, but even though the clouds were constantly moving, they never moved past a certain range, as if some powerful seal was binding them there.

The dark clouds were filled with dense Demon Essence, so it was clearly the work of the Demon Spirit.

Tian Yan explained, “That thing that rushed in from the outside world has a very strong corrupting power. The beings of the Divine Ascension World are unable to withstand it at all. You’ve seen it yourself, such a large area has already been affected, and if more time passes, I’m afraid this entire world will eventually be consumed.”

Yang Kai nodded with a grim expression. Even if Tian Yan did not tell him that, he would’ve been able to feel it himself, so he asked, “What should we do? Does Senior have any ideas?”

“I do have an idea, but I’ll need to borrow your power!” Tian Yan turned to look at him.

“Me?” Yang Kai was surprised. He never would have thought that the important task of saving this world would fall on his head.

Tian Yan smiled, “I was worried I wouldn’t be able to find you for some time, but I didn’t expect you to come here by yourself so quickly. Truthfully, it’s difficult to deal with that thing, but for you, it should be a simple matter, after all, you just have to use your Soul Devouring Insects.”

Yang Kai’s expression lifted, “So that’s how it is.”

The Heaven Devouring Battle Law devoured everything, and the Soul Devouring Insects were similar. As the Divine Ascension World was being corrupted by a Demon Spirit, a large amount of Demon Essence and Demon Qi was being created. It was a great disaster for the inhabitants of the Divine Ascension World, but for the Soul Devouring Insects, that Demon Essence formed from the Spiritual Energy of this world was nothing more than a delicious snack.

Tian Yan knew that Yang Kai kept Soul Devouring Insects with him as Yang Kai had previously taken away a group of them with him the last time he came into this world. Tian Yan had guarded those Soul Devouring Insects for countless years before handing them to Yang Kai and allowing him to take them away, freeing the Divine Ascension World from its greatest scourge.

“The Soul Devouring Insects are not with me at the moment, I must go out and bring them in,” Yang Kai told him.

Tian Yan nodded, “Go and return quickly. Little Friend Wen and this little girl should also go with you. As for the rest, your assistance will not be necessary.”

Gao Xue Ting gently nodded. Her goal of coming here was to confirm Wen Zi Shan’s condition, so now that she knew he was fine, there was naturally no reason for her to remain.

Tian Yan gently waved his hand and a gentle power enveloped the three of them. The next moment, their vision changed and Yang Kai found himself back in his physical body.

He quickly summoned his Insect Enslavement Bracelet, communicated with it using his mind and pulled out the Soul Devouring Insects from it into his Knowledge Sea, settling them on the seven coloured treasure island. Only Souls could enter the Divine Ascension World, so though the Insect Enslavement Bracelet was an Emperor Artifact, it wasn’t a Soul Type Artifact, so it couldn’t be brought inside. As such, Yang Kai wouldn’t be able to release the Soul Devouring Insects inside. However, things were different if he placed these Exotic Ancient Insects on the seven coloured treasure island inside his Knowledge Sea.

After rearing them for such a long time, the Soul Devouring Insects had become extremely fierce, especially after going through all the battles in the Thousand Illusions Dreamworld. During the later stages, the Soul Devouring Insects made many achievements. To them, they were no strangers to devouring Demon Essence and Demon Qi, so the crisis in the Divine Ascension World shouldn’t be hard for them to resolve.

After calling out to Grandma You and asking her to send his Soul into the Divine Ascension World again, Yang Kai soon reappeared on that mountain peak.

Seeing him enter, Tian Yan nodded lightly and turned his head to the boy who was chasing butterflies at the side, “Boy, stop playing and give him a hand, quickly.”

Yang Kai had been curious about the boy since before and had no idea who he was. Now, he was even more surprised when he heard Tian Yan actually ask this boy for help.

“Senior, he is…”

Tian Yan smiled, “He is the Mirror Soul of the Divine Ascension Mirror. The reason that thing is confined to a certain range and is unable to expand is due to his ability.”

“Mirror Soul!” Yang Kai’s eyes lit up when he heard that, and he looked at the boy with eyes wide in surprise.

The boy was clearly a little uncomfortable with his gaze and walked over nervously while trying to put on a fierce act, “I’m warning you, don’t have any funny ideas about me, because I won’t establish any connection with the likes of you!”

Yang Kai laughed, “I’m not trying to establish any connections with you either, so don’t worry.”

“Who… Who’s worrying?” The boy was clearly very wary of Yang Kai. Dawdling over to his side, he looked up and asked, “Where are they then?”

“What?” Yang Kai was confused.

“The Soul Devouring Insects!” The boy sighed, “How can you still be so stupid when you’re so old already?”

“Oh, right!” Yang Kai quickly opened his Knowledge Sea and released all the Soul Devouring Insects from the seven coloured treasure island. All of a sudden, a buzzing sound rang out as a large cloud of insects converged in front of him.

The boy shivered and waved his hand in disgust.

The cloud of insects suddenly disappeared, but Yang Kai could keenly feel that they had been transported several thousand kilometres away, into where the demonic cloud was gathering.

After carefully sensing the situation, Yang Kai very quickly sensed that the Soul Devouring Insects were now devouring the demonic clouds covering the sky. And, since the demonic cloud was being restricted by the Mirror Soul, confined to a certain range and unable to expand, it would eventually be devoured clean by the Soul Devouring Insects. Then, the Divine Ascension World’s peace would be restored.

Turning his eyes around, Yang Kai looked at the boy and asked, “What should I call Little Brother?”

The boy rolled his eyes, “Zhang San Li Si Wang Er Ma, whatever you want.”

Yang Kai cleared his throat, “Do you want to go out from here and take a look around?”

Tian Yan suddenly laughed, “Little Friend Yang, no need to waste your energy. He is unable to leave this place.” He clearly understood what Yang Kai was planning to do.

Having his thoughts seen through, Yang Kai blushed a little, but he turned serious again, “By the way, Senior. I have news about the Flesh Incarnation Pill.”

Tian Yan raised his brow, “Oh?”

“It is almost finished refining, so if Senior is willing, your body can be created at any time.”

Tian Yan said, “Little Friend Yang is truly a man of integrity. This Old Master offers his sincere thanks.”

Yang Kai laughed, “No need to be polite, Senior. It was also by chance that I encountered the Flesh Incarnation Fruit. I wasn’t searching for it specifically.”

The boy frowned and interjected, “You’re leaving?”

He looked up at Tian Yan, seeming a little annoyed.

Tian Yan was silent for a moment, “I still wish to go out and have a look.”

The boy scoffed, “Go, then. Go! Better if you died out there.” While speaking, he glared hatefully at Yang Kai with a face full of anger.

Yang Kai’s brow twitched as he instantly understood that he probably wouldn’t ever have a chance to take this Mirror Soul for himself now.