Chapter 2936, Forty metre Dragon Body

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

A loud dragon roar sounded, and as a golden light erupted, a huge dragon head appeared behind Yang Kai in a flash before it disappeared into his body.

Yang Kai threw out a fist and smashed it down hard towards the Great Dragon’s nose.

There was a bang, and Zhu Lie’s head shook. The violent force of his punch made him dizzy, and he felt as if his nose had been broken.

“Hm?” Yang Kai was a little stunned because this blow did not have the effect that he expected.

After interacting with Zhu Qing for a period of time, he learned that the power of bloodline suppression was immensely strong for the Dragon Clan. The side with the stronger bloodline had an absolute ability to suppress the one with the weaker bloodline, and this had nothing to do with personal strength.

The Dragon Clan’s bloodline had clear divisions, and it was said that the Dragon Clan’s Great Elder Zhu Yan was a Tenth-Order Azure Dragon. No matter how strong a Dragon Clan member was, it would be impossible for them to match him if their bloodline was below Tenth-Order

And, take Zhu Qing for example. Her own strength was comparable or even greater to that of a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master. If Yang Kai really fought her one on one, then even with everything he had, he may not be able to guarantee a victory. However, if he used his bloodline power to suppress her, Zhu Qing wouldn’t be his opponent at all. It would simply be impossible for her to properly unleash her strength when facing him.

From what Yang Kai could see, this Zhu Lie’s strength was not bad, but there was no way his bloodline purity would be higher than Zhu Qing’s.

He was able to suppress Zhu Qing with the Golden Divine Dragon’s Source, so he should naturally have no problems dealing with Zhu Lie.

But Yang Kai realized with this punch that he was wrong. The expected bloodline suppression did not appear. Instead, the impact of his fists on the solid Dragon Scales turned his hand into a bloody mess.

Zhu Lie was completely enraged by his punch and roared, “Since this Dragon dared to seek you out, obviously this Dragon has a way to constrain you! You think you can suppress me!?”

When he opened his mouth to roar, he spat out a jet of flames, instantly setting Yang Kai alight, seemingly melting him down in an instant. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The crowd down below was shocked.

Zhu Lie was also taken aback by the sight and was dumbfounded.

He was ordered to bring Yang Kai back to Dragon Island, but he never thought of killing him. Faced with Yang Kai’s resistance and provocation, he was unable to hold back his anger and wanted to teach him a lesson to make him behave, but who knew that he would end up burning him to death with a mouthful of Dragon Breath?

So what should be done now?

If the Great Elder were to learn about this, then he would certainly be punished.

While Zhu Lie was still caught in his bewilderment, he suddenly felt as if a large mountain had suddenly crashed down on his head, smashing it painfully. He couldn’t help but let out a wild roar, and the burning figure in front of him also finally cleared up at this moment.

It was only an afterimage, one left behind from moving at immense speed.

Zhu Lie was both happy and angry. Happy that he did not accidentally kill his target, and angry that this puny insect dared to trick him. He was completely enraged, and as his body swayed in the air, he avoided the attack from above and faced Yang Kai, grabbing at him with his claws.

His huge dragon claws seemed able to compress space itself, and the power of his Dragon Qi which gathered was astonishing. After compressing his power to the limit, Zhu Li suddenly released it all in a violent blast.

That fierce power from this blast rose up and shot out towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai waved his arm in a large arc, forming a huge Moon Blade, slicing through the space to meet this blast head-on.

The two attacks collided with a loud bang, and an overwhelming wind storm swept out, cutting countless gashes into the surrounding space.

Zhu Lie’s huge body did not move, but Yang Kai was only able to stabilize himself after being pushed back more than a thousand metres.

Yang Kai had fallen into a complete disadvantage in their exchange of blows, and he didn’t seem to be a match for Zhu Lie at all.

“What kind of rare treasure did you bring?” Yang Kai scanned Zhu Lie’s body. He clearly caught a shimmer of light when he struck his body earlier, and it was that shimmer of light that was able to offset the bloodline suppression of his Golden Divine Dragon Source, allowing Zhu Lie to unleash his full strength.

Zhu Lie coldly snorted, “Just be obedient and surrender without a fight. Nothing will happen to you if you just follow me back to Dragon Island; however, if you still dare to resist, then you will be solely responsible for the consequences.”

“Will you forcefully press down a bull’s head even if it refuses to drink?” Yang Kai laughed, but that laugh suddenly turned cold, “I’d like to see how far this treasure can protect you!”

At the end of his sentence, he gritted his teeth and let out a roar. A brave and heroic aura began to swell his body all of a sudden, and traces of a Pureblood Dragon Aura began to fill the air along with a radiant golden light that overflowed from the pores of his body. Both Yang Kai’s hands transformed into the shape of dragon claws while two strange bulges protruded from his head. The exposed parts of his skin were also covered in Dragon Scales.

In the blink of an eye, Yang Kai had transformed into a monster that stood about twenty metres tall with clear traces of the Dragon Clan in his appearance. However, it was completely shoddy, like a drawing of a tiger that ended up like more of a dog.

“This is…” Lei Hong’s eyes widened abruptly at the sky, shocked at what he saw.

Wen Zi Shan and the others were also tongue-tied at the sight while Gao Xue Ting’s beautiful eyes were covered in mixed emotions. Over a hundred Emperor Realm Masters stood silent, each one of them shocked beyond words.

No one had ever seen a Secret Technique that could produce such great changes in a person before.

But Zhu Lie reacted just like a cat whose tail had been stepped on, gritting his teeth as he hissed, “Dragon Transformation Secret Art! That girl actually taught you the Dragon Transformation Secret Art! Unforgivable, this is simply unforgivable!”

As if Yang Kai had violated some great taboo, Zhu Lie’s voice became extremely angry.

“Now there’s no way you can avoid going to Dragon Island even if you want to refuse. The Dragon Transformation Secret Art is not to be passed on to anyone! From now on, prepare to stay in Dragon Island for the rest of your life!” As Zhu Lie bellowed at him, he had already flicked his tail and pounced over at him, his two-hundred-metre-long body reaching the sky in a flash before pouncing right in front of Yang Kai, opening his mouth to spew out his Dragon Breath.

With a frown, Yang Kai countered with a move of his own, resisting Zhu Lie’s onslaught.

He did not expect Zhu Lie to react so violently to his Dragon Transformation Secret Technique. From what he said, this Dragon Transformation Secret Art seemed to be some kind of core secret of Dragon Island.

But Zhu Qing didn’t mention this at all when she passed it to him.

During that time, Zhu Qing was in a hurry to go to the Frozen Earth in order to find the remains of one of her fallen clansmen. Before leaving, she passed this Pureblood Dragon Transformation Secret Technique to Yang Kai as if it was just on a whim.

It was only now that Yang Kai realized how much of a risk Zhu Qing had taken in doing so. If the secret to cultivating the Dragon Transformation Secret Art were to be exposed, then Dragon Island would never let this matter go. Yang Kai would not have an easy life, and neither would Zhu Qing.

It didn’t matter which great force it was, their core inheritance was never easily passed on, much less a Secret Technique of Dragon Island.

Yang Kai couldn’t understand why Zhu Qing would do such a thing, but he couldn’t fret over that right now. Even though it was hard for Zhu Lie to move around in his two hundred metre dragon form, each one of his attacks was so powerful that Yang Kai had no choice but to deal with him carefully.

Fortunately, Yang Kai could feel that he was able to suppress Zhu Lie’s Dragon Clan bloodline somewhat after using the Dragon Transformation Secret Art. So, even though it was still quite strenuous, Yang Kai could still just about fight on equal footing with Zhu Lie.

The Golden Divine Dragon’s Source was a great treasure for Yang Kai, but even after such a long time, he still could not figure out how he was going to turn this treasure into his own power.

The Dragon Transformation Secret Art could solve that problem. The more he cultivated this Secret Art, the more he could bring out the strength of the Golden Divine Dragon’s Source. Once he cultivated it to the grand accomplishment stage, he might even be able to transform into a True Great Dragon and travel the world proudly.

Unfortunately, the time Yang Kai spent cultivating was still short, so he could only transform into a twenty-metre-tall Half-Dragon Form. Even so, he could still suppress Zhu Lie who was carrying the rare treasure on him a little.

Two figures clashed mid-air, each releasing their profound moves and fighting incessantly for a time.

A mouthful of Dragon Breath spewed down from above occasionally, forcing Wen Zi Shan to open the Sect Defending Array to block the fallout. Otherwise, the entire Azure Sun Temple was sure to suffer.

Gradually, the battlefield shifted. Yang Kai and Zhu Lie brought their battle higher and higher, and they had already flown into the layer of clouds in the sky. Even the Emperor Realm Masters below could hardly see their movements now. Only the occasional dragon roar from within the clouds told them how intense their battle was.

Everyone was sweating. None of them had any idea how this matter was going to end.

Facing off against a Dragon Clan Member, Yang Kai would not be able to get any benefits whether he won or lost this fight. And, Azure Sun Temple was probably going to follow along with his bad luck as well.

When they thought of this point, many of the Emperor Realm Masters didn’t even dare to stay for the show anymore. All of them quickly found excuses to say goodbye to Wen Zi Shan lest they involve themselves in the crossfire. Naturally, Wen Zi Shan wasn’t in the mood to keep them here, so after a few casual pleasantries, he saw them off.

Hundreds of people soon left, leaving only Lei Hong and his entourage from Star Soul behind.

“Brother Xiao said this boy is a constant source of trouble. I didn’t believe him at first, but now…” Lei Hong shook his head and smiled bitterly. Focusing his eyesight as much as possible into the sky, he still could only catch vague traces of the battle happening up above.

Wen Zi Shan’s face was also grim, “Yang Kai is not at fault for what happened today. It is the Dragon Clan that is too arrogant. If it were me, then I would not have gone with him either.”

Lei Hong said, “But now, the question is how we’re going to end this incident.”

Wen Zi Shan replied, “The temple has suffered through many changes recently, and I am powerless to handle it all. I’m afraid I will have to trouble the Great Emperor to put in a word for me about today’s incident.”

Lei Hong pondered for a moment before nodding, “I will report this to the Great Emperor. Even though the Dragon Clan is not to be trifled with, the Southern Territory won’t just accept wanton bullying either.”

“Many thanks, Brother Lei!”

Lei Hong waved his hand, “Temple Master Wen is too courteous. I think it’s better if you and I join hands to… hm?”

Before he could finish speaking, Lei Hong seemed to have discovered a new change and looked up with wide eyes.

Wen Zi Shan had obviously noticed this too and a stunned expression filled his face.

Above the clouds, it was as if Yang Kai had received the Heavens’ blessings, allowing his originally twenty-metre-tall body to suddenly grow to forty metres. This was a massive size compared to a normal human, but compared to the Great Dragon, it was still a little lacking.

As the size of his body expanded, the two protrusions on his forehead also grew a little bigger and an indescribable aura instantly spread out from his body.

“You…” Zhu Lie who was locked in a struggle with Yang Kai was also shocked. If he was in his human form, then his face would probably be filled with fear at this moment. While speaking, he quickly backed away, as if he had seen something terrifying.

Yang Kai also froze for a moment. He had been hell-bent on suppressing his opponent’s Dragon Clan bloodline during the fight just now, and somehow, he ended up breaking through the shackles of his Dragon Transformation Secret Art, allowing it to go a step further and unleash more of the Golden Divine Dragon’s Source Strength in his body, causing this sudden and massive change.