Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2951, Revolving World

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Having a bad premonition, Zhu Qing quickly changed the subject, “So where is he now?”

Yang Kai shook his head, “I don’t know. We were all caught by the Frozen Tide when it came and brought us into a Sealed World. I also got separated from him then, but he should not be in any danger, so no need to worry about him.”

“A Sealed World!” Zhu Qing was shocked. She recalled the hazy feeling she had before and realized now that the feeling of being caught up in an overpowering crisis was her being sucked into a Sealed World. Looking around, she asked, “Is this the Sealed World? It actually looks quite pleasant.”

The Sealed World Bead was beautiful and refreshing like a spring day with abundant World Energy, so it was a nice place, especially after Yang Kai’s trip to the Five Coloured Treasure Pagoda which fundamentally changed this Sealed World. This was a completely Self-Contained World, one with a perfect set of World Principles, a true paradise.

“Haha.”

Yang Kai shook his head while chuckling, “This isn’t that Sealed World, this is a different one. One that belongs to me… Hm?”

Suddenly, he turned his head towards a certain direction as if he’d discovered something unusual.

Zhu Qing asked, “What’s wrong?”

Yang Kai pondered for a moment before saying, “I have something interesting to show you.”

He suddenly grabbed towards a direction. Zhu Qing was watching wide-eyed in curiosity when a pitch-black object that resembled a puppy suddenly appeared in front of her eyes.

When the little puppy appeared, it barked a few times, seemingly out of fright, but its tail was wagging and filled with energy. Its weak appearance from before had completely disappeared.

“Where’d this little demon come from? It’s so ugly.” Zhu Qing gazed at the black puppy, then she glanced at Yang Kai, teasing, “Just like you.”

Yang Kai shook his head, “It’s no ordinary little demon.”

“What’s so special about it?” Zhu Qing frowned.

“You’re a member of the Dragon Clan, so if you examine it carefully…” Yang Kai said while lifting up the black puppy to his face.

After hearing Yang Kai’s voice, the black puppy seemed to have settled down. It stared at him with its black eyes, panting with a fawning expression, its saliva flowing down its big tongue, looking incredibly mangy.

Zhu Qing finally noticed something unusual and said hesitantly, “It seems to have some sort of powerful bloodline. It’s just not very pure though.”

The Dragon Clan’s core was its bloodline, so their knowledge on the subject was naturally quite profound. After having its Abyssal Returner bloodline awoken by Gong Yue’s Secret Technique, some traces were left behind in the black puppy, which was what Zhu Qing discovered its bloodline from.

“It’s a descendant of a Demon Beast, the Abyssal Returner. Heard of it?” Yang Kai asked.

Zhu Qing shook her head, confused.

“It was my first time hearing about it too, but I’ve seen how powerful it is first hand,” while speaking, Yang Kai shook the black puppy, “Little brat, show us your skills.”

“Wang wang!”

“Don’t play dumb. Do that same move you did before. The one where your mouth opens up all of a sudden. If you dare refuse, I’ll cook you into a stew and eat you!”

“Wang wang!”

Zhu Qing palmed her forehead, “Its sentience hasn’t opened yet. With such low sentience, it wouldn’t understand if you talk to it that way.”

Yang Kai smiled deviously, “Whether it understands or not, it knows in its heart, but… Forget it, if you don’t get it, then you don’t get it. You’re quite the lucky one aren’t you, you actually survived.”

Saying so, Yang Kai let go. At once, the black puppy fell to the ground. Turning its head to look at Yang Kai, then at Zhu Qing, it plodded to Yang Kai’s feet and laid down.

Zhu Qing covered her mouth and laughed, “It seems to like you.”

“It’s just acting cute!” Yang Kai kicked the little puppy, but it remained unmoved.

Yang Kai ignored it and looked up at Zhu Qing, “Let’s get out of here first. We have to find out what this place is. Who knows whether we’ll be able to return to the Star Boundary or not.”

“It’s not that serious, right? Aren’t you proficient in the Dao of Space?” Zhu Qing felt that Yang Kai was exaggerating the situation, but she didn’t feel any sense of crisis at all. She felt that as long as she was with this man, she would be fine regardless of where she was.

Yang Kai grinned and with a thought, he brought Zhu Qing out of the Small Sealed World with him.

When they returned back to the cave, Yang Kai looked at Zhu Qing with amusement, “Want me to carry you on my back? Who knows what sort of place this is? We have to find out whether there are people here or not and try to get some information.”

Zhu Qing blushed, “I’m not that weak.”

As she spoke, she took the lead and walked out of the cave. Even though she walked at a light pace, she seemed to be frowning after each step.

Yang Kai grinned mischievously before suddenly frowning and muttering “You’re so annoying.”

Zhu Qing’s tender body quivered as her beautiful face lost colour, “You’re finding me annoying so soon?”

Yang Kai quickly explained, “No no, I’m not talking about you, I’m talking about this guy.”

At the end of his sentence, a bark emerged. The black puppy had been thrown out of the Sealed World Bead and began barking angrily at Yang Kai as soon as it reached the ground, seemingly asking why Yang Kai didn’t take it with him.

“Alright, alright, stop barking. If you keep barking, I’m tossing you back inside!” Yang Kai threatened it with an impatient expression.

The black puppy’s barking stopped abruptly and then it ran out in a flash, passing Zhu Qing, being the first to rush out of the cave. From then on, as high as the skies were tall and as far as the seas were wide, the puppy was free to roam around.

Zhu Qing couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. Yang Kai came over and embraced her, drawing a slight struggle that did not persist long.

As soon as they came out of the cave, they were greeted with a world covered in white. At first glance, it didn’t look much different from the Frozen Earth, but both Yang Kai and Zhu Qing knew it was not.

That was because the cold that even the two of them could not resist did not exist here.

“Wang wang!” The black puppy’s barking suddenly rang out, seemingly in a panic as if something terrible had happened.

Yang Kai scanned the area with his Divine Sense, and he soon showed a look of pleasant surprise. No doubt Zhu Qing sensed it too, and since she wasn’t used to being so intimate with Yang Kai in front of people, she quietly put some distance between them.

A black shadow flashed by as the black puppy returned.

Two figures followed behind it, one man and one woman, both emitting strong auras from their bodies.

When they saw Yang Kai and Zhu Qing, the man and woman were clearly shocked. That was because they clearly did not detect the aura of any living people despite carefully checking this area before. They had no idea when these two people had appeared.

If they were enemies… Both of them let out a cold sweat inwardly.

The black puppy swiftly hid behind Yang Kai.

Yang Kai went up to them and cupped his fists, “Greetings, two friends.”

The cultivations of the man and woman weren’t bad, but they were only Dao Source Realm, so Yang Kai did not pay them too much mind. Only, since it was a rare encounter with living people in this area, he naturally wanted to quickly get some information from them.

The man and woman looked at each other before the man cupped his fists in return, frowning, “Is this little beast owned by the two of you?”

As a Dao Source Realm cultivator, his face did not change despite facing an Emperor Realm Master like Yang Kai. Instead, there was a questioning look on his face which made Yang Kai raise his brow in surprise. Such a thing was not common in the Star Boundary unless the other person had some strong background. From the way these two were dressed, they didn’t seem like the important type. They just looked like ordinary cultivators.

As a newcomer though, Yang Kai decided to do as the locals did and smiled and nodded, “That’s right. Ah Wang’s sentience hasn’t opened yet so he’s a bit naughty. If he offended you, then I must beg for your pardon.”

The man shook his head before he swept his Divine Sense past Yang Kai to examine the black puppy for a while before saying, “I must have seen wrong. It did not offend me or my wife. It was just a misunderstanding. May I ask who you are?”

“Yang Kai!” In this foreign land, there was no need for him to hide his name.

Right at that moment, the woman who had been standing beside the man quietly sent him a Divine Sense message. The man looked stunned for a moment before looking at Yang Kai in amazement, “Are the two of you from outside?”

If not for his wife, then he would likely have missed this point. That was because the two people in front of him were dressed slightly differently from themselves.

Yang Kai smiled bitterly, “Indeed, we are from the outside.”

The man nodded, “It has been a long time since someone new has come in. It seems like your luck is not so good.”

“I was just about to ask. What exactly is this place?” Yang Kai asked solemnly.

The man explained, “This place is called Revolving World.”

“Revolving World?” Yang Kai frowned, but just as he was about to ask more questions, the man hurriedly said, “If you want to live, then come with me. There’s not much time left.”

“Not much time?” Yang Kai was stunned.

The man did not have any intention to explain though and after his statement, he turned around and flew off in another direction. His expression looked quite anxious.

It was the first time Yang Kai had met a Dao Source Realm cultivator with such a curt temper. Not only was he able to speak so confidently in front of an Emperor Realm Master, he even kept an aloof attitude with him, but at the very least, he was a clue, so Yang Kai couldn’t just break off with him. After exchanging glances with Zhu Qing, the pair immediately followed.

Since both of them were strong, they naturally weren’t afraid of meagre Dao Source Realm cultivators plotting against them.

In a flash, they began following the couple while the black puppy nimbly bit onto Yang Kai’s clothes and followed him around without letting go, trying its best not to be thrown off. Despite the strong winds, it still didn’t loosen its jaw.

Seeing how pitiful it looked, Zhu Qing fished it over. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Quick as lightning, the group of four soon came to a certain mountain. At first glance, it didn’t seem like much, but upon closer inspection, there were traces of some Secret Technique left on the wall in front of them.

The man in the lead took out a mirror and shot out a profound light onto the wall.

At once, a cave large enough for two people to pass through appeared.

Only after the group of four entered the cave passage did the man and woman exhale gently, seemingly relieved.

Yang Kai asked curiously, “Why are we in such a hurry?”

The man led the way while explaining, “Because soon, the World Principles will change. That is when the Demons will come out and it becomes very dangerous outside. No one will be able to survive in that environment.”

“The World Principles will change?” Yang Kai was shocked, wondering if he had misheard him.