Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2954, Like a Crane Amongst Chicken

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Make way, make way!”

Just as Yang Kai was silently observing his surroundings, an extremely rude shout came from behind him. Turning around to look, he suddenly saw a large number of people emerging from the gigantic Space Array. There were a dozen of them, and each of them had extraordinary levels of cultivation.

The most conspicuous man among the group looked to be in his early twenties. He was handsome and had an arrogant attitude, his sharp eyes containing a sense of majesty that matched well with his extravagant jade-white robes.

The rest of the group scattered around and surrounded him like stars around the moon.

As soon as the group appeared, they immediately began heading in one direction while one cultivator in front led the way, rudely shoving those in his path.

Those that were pushed dared not resist in the slightest, and instead ran aside while shivering in fear.

“It’s His Highness, the Third Imperial Prince, the Third Imperial Prince has returned!”

“Hurry up, kneel down and don’t say anything. Don’t look at him either, it will be over if he sets his eyes on you.”

…..

*Hua la la…*

The crowd fell to their knees in unison. Regardless of gender, age, or strength, with the Space Array as the centre, all cultivators in a thousand-meter radius, no matter what they were doing, all prostrated on the ground to show respect.

Yang Kai was dumbfounded.

He was curiously observing this so-called Third Imperial Prince when he heard whispers secretly discussing him, wondering to himself what these Imperial Princes were. That was because such titles were only heard of in mortal kingdoms.

Everyone around them was now kneeling though, leaving just Yang Kai and Zhu Qing standing in place. Zhu Qing was even holding a black puppy in her arms, which made her look particularly out of place.

Yang Kai sighed as he knew that things were about to get complicated. He didn’t really want to get into any trouble before he could get a thorough understanding of the situation in this Revolving World and Human Imperial City, but life doesn’t always go as planned. Even without provoking any trouble, trouble would still come to him by itself.

He glanced helplessly at Zhu Qing, who kept a smile at the corner of her eyes.

“Hm?”

Yang Kai and Zhu Qing’s unusual behaviour instantly caught the attention of the Third Prince’s group. The cultivator leading the way swiftly arrived before Yang Kai. This man was tall like an iron pagoda and gave off an oppressive aura as he looked down on Yang Kai from above, shouting, “Boy, why didn’t you kneel down in front of His Highness the Third Imperial Prince?”

As the man spoke, an extremely strong pressure pervaded from his body and crashed down on Yang Kai.

He was a First-Order Emperor Realm Master, and seemed to be no stranger to battles as the Emperor Pressure which pulsed from his body had an extremely strong, bloody aura. Ordinary people would surely be frightened upon contact with it, eliminating most thoughts of resistance.

But Yang Kai was unmoved. He still stood in place as if it was merely a light breeze that caused his hair to flutter. He then gazed up at the burly man, “This countryside yokel has never seen the world before and knows little about etiquette, so he hopes this Sir does not blame us. We will leave at once.” As he said that, he was just about to leave with Zhu Qing.

Whether it be the Third Imperial Prince or the other Imperial Princes, it was naturally impossible for them to make him kneel. As for Zhu Qing, that was even more impossible. She was a member of the mighty Dragon Clan, so even in death, it would be impossible to make her kneel. So, it was better for them to leave now lest they cause any more trouble.

Unfortunately, things didn’t go as he’d hoped. When the burly man saw Yang Kai leaving, he glared at him and shouted “Impudence!”

Like a frenzied bull, the man slammed down his large fan-like palm at Yang Kai, hitting him directly on the shoulder.

There was a loud bang, but Yang Kai’s body remained as stable as a mountain, the violent power travelling through his body and down to his feet, causing the stone slabs on the ground to split into pieces.

Yang Kai rolled his eyes over to glance at the burly man before answering lazily, “What is the meaning of this, Sir?”

The burly man revealed a look of surprise and sneered, “No wonder you’re so arrogant, it seems you have some skill, but it’s a pity that you met me!” As he spoke, the force in his hand became even more violent as the veins on his thick neck bulged. It seemed as if he was trying to use all the strength in his body to crush Yang Kai to the ground.

Yang Kai looked at the rest of the guards only to see them eyeing him with cold faces. It was as if he had broken some taboo and had to be punished for it.

The Third Imperial Prince, on the other hand, had an indifferent look on his face, not showing him much regard. Only when his eyes moved to Zhu Qing was there a flash of amazement in them, but that was all and he didn’t pay her any more attention after that.

Instead, the Third Imperial Prince’s gaze went past the crowd and half of Human Imperial City to stare at a certain point with a fiery look shining in his eyes.

The prince stood there, most likely waiting for his subordinates to teach Yang Kai a lesson to show the inhabitants of Human Imperial City what the price of offending him would be, and to learn to respect him.

The burly man was still putting pressure on Yang Kai. At first, he had a look on his face as if victory was already in his grasp because he could sense that Yang Kai was only a First-Order Emperor as well. Under the circumstance that his opponent shared the same cultivation as him, he wasn’t afraid of any opponent, let alone this little brat in front of him.

But as time went on and his Emperor Qi surged more and more, his face gradually became ugly. That was because no matter how he exerted his strength, he still could not shake the little brat in front of him in the slightest. This boy seemed completely rooted to the ground and didn’t even show any signs of swaying.

A few moments later, the burly man was already red-faced and his neck was bulging. His iron pagoda-like body actually began to shake, clearly running out of energy, but it was as if he were riding a tiger and had no choice but to stand strong.

Unfortunately, he had greatly underestimated his opponent.

Yang Kai’s face grew slightly dark as his gaze crossed over the burly man to look at the Third Imperial Prince, saying, “It’s a virtue to know when to stop.”

The Third Imperial Prince ignored him, eyes still gazing at a certain place in Human Imperial City. It seemed as if his entire mind was immersed into it and could no longer feel anything else.

Yang Kai let out a soft grunt and raised his palm, thrusting it against the burly man.

He had already given the Third Imperial Prince a warning, but since the other man wouldn’t take it seriously, he didn’t need to care about his face. As for what consequences would be incurred if he were to give him a face-slapping here, Yang Kai intended to act first and deal with whatever came later.

Everything happened suddenly, and the burly man clearly did not expect Yang Kai to fight back, so by the time that palm reached him, it was too late to defend. Not to mention that he was fully concentrated on how he was going to suppress Yang Kai, so how could he still gather any strength to defend himself?

Yang Kai’s light palm did not seem threatening, but it caused the burly man’s face to change dramatically when it struck. Just like a paper kite, he was sent flying high into the sky before landing heavily on the ground. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The crowd was shocked, and those kneeling who had peeked up to look at the situation immediately let out a cry of surprise when they saw this scene. Quite apparently, they did not expect to see anything like this either.

To think someone would actually dare to clash with the Third Imperial Prince’s guards in Human Imperial City, and to have done it in front of His Highness. This man was probably out of his mind to do such a foolish thing and the pitiful beauty next to him was going to suffer for this, too. There was no telling what kind of horrible fate awaited her.

Even though the guards of the Third Imperial Prince were shocked by Yang Kai’s counterattack, they reacted quickly. Without a single word, they jumped over, instantly surrounding Yang Kai and Zhu Qing without leaving any gaps.

These guards included a Second-Order Emperor Realm Master and two First-Order Emperors. The rest were all in the Third-Order Dao Source Realm, and all of them seemed to possess strong foundations, making it seem as if they were on the verge of a breakthrough.

Even though Yang Kai had not been here for long, the number and quality of the Emperor Realm Masters in Human Imperial City still amazed him. He had no idea how the cultivators here cultivated, but Emperors actually seemed to be a very common sight here.

This was a luxurious lineup for a group of guards, especially when the Third Imperial Prince himself was also a First-Order Emperor.

The many Masters surrounded him but did not attack, merely waiting for the Third Imperial Prince’s order. As long as the Third Imperial Prince gave the order, they would immediately pounce onto Yang Kai and Zhu Qing, ripping their corpses into ten thousand pieces. Regardless of how strong they were, no one would have a good end if they dared provoke any of Human Imperial City’s Imperial Princes.

Yang Kai remained calm despite being surrounded by these guards though. There was even a cold smile on his lips while Zhu Qing had already leaned over to put the black puppy down, standing quietly beside Yang Kai.

“Did you just arrive from the outside?” The Third Imperial Prince suddenly withdrew his gaze and turned to Yang Kai, asking.

“Is it that obvious?” Yang Kai frowned. He was surprised that this man would ask him this question.

The Third Imperial Prince said indifferently, “If you had spent any amount of time here, you would understand that it is not wise to clash with the Imperial Princes in Human Imperial City.”

Yang Kai grinned, “So that’s how it is. Third Imperial Prince really has good eyes. Indeed, my wife and I have in fact just come from the outside.”

The Third Imperial Prince gently nodded, “Outside has outside rules, but we have our own rules here. I’ll let this matter go this time out of consideration for your ignorance. Hopefully, you’ll be able to follow the customs next time.” After saying that, he gave Yang Kai a deep look before walking straight past him.

When the guards gathered around Yang Kai and Zhu Qing heard their leader speak, they withdrew their intention to continue making things difficult for them and immediately turned around to follow. Even the burly man who had been sent flying by Yang Kai before didn’t look at them as he passed by, just as if he never fought with Yang Kai to begin with.

“That’s right…” The Third Imperial Prince who had already walked a dozen paces away suddenly stopped and said without turning back, “I think you should know that I’m not sparing you just because you have shown enough strength, but because you are a first-time offender. I’m just giving you a chance to reform.”

Yang Kai frowned and squirmed his lips at Zhu Qing.

Even though he didn’t say anything or transmit his voice to her, Zhu Qing still understood what Yang Kai was trying to express, this boy was too full of himself.

Zhu Qing covered her mouth and smiled.

Then, with a *pa…* the Third Imperial Prince snapped his fingers in a seemingly casual manner.

That caused Yang Kai’s face to change abruptly, and he suddenly let out a stifled grunt.

Zhu Qing’s beautiful face lost its colour and she stared nervously at Yang Kai, “You’re bleeding!”

While saying that, she quickly took a silk handkerchief from her Space Ring and placed it under Yang Kai’s nostrils.

Yang Kai accepted the silk handkerchief and held it over his nose, looking at the Third Imperial Prince who was walking away with an incredulous look on his face.

“Why are you bleeding?” Zhu Qing’s eyes were furrowed. She couldn’t figure out what had happened since she had been watching that conflict from beginning to end, but she didn’t find any signs of injury on Yang Kai’s body, yet here he was, bleeding, which was clearly not normal.

“Let’s find a less public place to talk.” Yang Kai had a grave look on his face as he dragged Zhu Qing away.

The inhabitants all throughout Human Imperial City slowly got up and avoided the two of them like they were snakes or scorpions.