Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2959, I Am An Ancient Shaman King

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Oh really? However, the Third Imperial Prince does indeed have one more leaf than you. If my assumptions are correct, the greater the number of leaves you possess, the greater the respect you will obtain. From the looks of it, you really are inferior to the Third Imperial Prince.”

“It’s… it’s all due to the inferior cultivation of this Prince. That’s right, that is the only reason! This Prince was slightly negligent with his cultivation, therefore he only has eight leaves. If someday this Prince has the same cultivation as Third Brother, even obtaining nine leaves would be a trivial matter.”

“Tsk tsk tsk…” A look of contempt covered Yang Kai’s face, “I don’t think that is possible; tiny clues can reveal the general trend of things. If I were the Human Sovereign, I also wouldn’t appreciate your behaviour and character, First Imperial Prince. If the matter of succession were to be on my mind in the future, I would definitely consider the Third Imperial Prince. The Third Imperial Prince is a dragon amongst men, possesses outstanding cultivation, and treats people with respect and dignity, how could you ever match up to him?”

“You… you shut your mouth!” Fu Shu’s anger was fully stoked by Yang Kai’s words and he lunged over in fury, relying entirely on the protection of the Sacred Tree to maintain his fearless image.

As Yang Kai was speaking though, his hands never stopped, continually releasing fierce attacks towards various parts of Fu Shu’s body. Nevertheless, he was ultimately unable to break through the protective green light. On the other hand, the attacks the First imperial Prince was launching at him amounted to no more than tickles that he could completely disregard.

For a moment, the two of them brawled like rogues on the street, though neither side was able to gain the upper hand, with all of their attacks amounting to nothing.

The goateed man let off a sigh. Simply unable to continue watching on, he opened his mouth and shouted, “First Imperial Prince, there’s no need to worry about his rubbish comments. Your Highness should focus entirely on displaying your Sacred Techniques. Since your cultivation cannot match up to his, only the Sacred Techniques can wipe your humiliation away.”

Yang Kai turned his head around and snorted coldly, “If you continue yapping, old thing, I’ll smash your teeth out first!”

The goateed man said in a heartfelt manner, “Youngsters should learn how to respect their elders.”

“That will depend on the person. Those who like to act pretentiously like you, I will beat up several dozen every day!”

As Yang Kai shouted, Fu Shu continued to curse. Nevertheless, having received the goateed man’s reminder, he did not continue tussling with Yang Kai and immediately cast the Bloodlust Spell on himself. The fear and timidness in his eyes quickly disappeared, immediately being replaced by a look filled with fury and excitement. Letting off a loud, derisive chuckle, he spoke with a fierce tone, “Boy, for daring to offend this Prince, you must die! After that, I will properly enjoy that beautiful lady.”

The Bloodlust Spell affected the rationality of the target, lowering their inhibitions while enhancing their ferocity. Nevertheless, it was still able to provide many benefits in some special circumstances.

Fu Shu’s fear and timidness had been suppressed by the Bloodlust Spell. Focusing his scarlet red eyes firmly on Yang Kai, he appeared to have become an entirely different person as he let out a loud roar, “Bind!”

An invisible strength suddenly came gushing out from the void, binding Yang Kai’s raised fist like a thousand tightly wrapped threads.

Yang Kai was suddenly unable to move his fist regardless of how he tried.

He felt as though his fist was being tied down by an invisible power. The more he tried to attack, the greater the restraining force he felt. Yang Kai’s expression turned solemn. Despite his Third-Order Dao Source Realm cultivation, the First Imperial Prince, Fu Shu, was actually able to rely on his so-called Sacred Techniques to even restrain his movements. This made Yang Kai increasingly vigilant against the Shamanic Spells that were the root cause of this situation.

Ordinary Shamanic Spells could not possibly have such an effect. Yang Kai had always been the one fighting across realms. This was the first time he had been placed in such a disadvantage by a person with a lower cultivation realm than him.

Floating backwards in retreat, Yang Kai was no longer being restrained as he easily increased the distance between him and Fu Shu.

With the success he obtained, Fu Shu’s confidence was greatly increased, leading to him laugh crazily, “You’re running? Let me see where you run to! Come, sword!”

Extending his hand, a burst of jade green light erupted forth from the void. The fluorescent light appeared to be identical to the energy that was protecting Fu Shu. Rapidly converging together in the air, it transformed into an astonishing longsword.

With a pointing motion, Fu Shu aimed at the long sword and sent it chopping down towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai’s eyes narrowed as he felt the power behind the incoming attack. Unleashing his Space Principles, he greeted the incoming attack with a number of Moon Blades.

After a series of explosions, the jade-green long sword smashed through everything as though they were rotten wood, completely destroying all the incoming Moon Blades; however, after breaking through the last Moon Blade, it suddenly collapsed and dissipated.

A shiver shook through Fu Shu’s body before two streams of blood flowed out from his nostrils. Nevertheless, appearing to have not felt anything, he raised his hands up and roared loudly, “Again!”

Light condensed once again, before converging to form a gigantic jade green long sword.

Yang Kai shot a pensive look towards a certain location at that moment.

After experiencing it a few times, he had finally managed to catch onto some faint traces. Every time Fu Shu displayed his Sacred Techniques, they seemed to produce some kind of resonance from that direction. This resonance was very weak, so weak that Yang Kai would not have sensed it if not for his powerful Divine Sense.

It was impossible for someone at Fu Shu’s realm to compete against him in a head-on confrontation; therefore, there was only one reason that this could be happening, and that was the fact that something was lending him the power to do so.

He was borrowing the power of the so-called Sacred Tree!

And the direction from which the resonance was occurring should be where the Sacred Tree was located.

Yang Kai really wanted to see exactly what the hell this Sacred Tree was, to actually be able to display such power to let trash like Fu Shu display some ability.

A torrent of Divine Sense expanded out, causing waves of humming sounds to ring in the sky, leading the goateed man’s expression to change once again.

After an instant, everything within Human Imperial City appeared before Yang Kai’s eyes, just like the most outstanding artist painting picture after picture in his mind with exquisite detail. As his Divine Sense continued to expand outwards, his field of view continued to increase.

All of a sudden, a barrier blocked his Divine Sense from expanding. Caught off guard, Yang Kai was dazed for a moment when his Divine Sense smashed right into the barrier.

Coincidentally, right at the same exact moment, the jade-green longsword had already chopped down, cleaving down on Yang Kai’s shoulder, drawing blood as a result.

Fu Shu laughed madly, “This is what you get for challenging this Prince!”

Forming a seal with his hands, he controlled the jade-green longsword to press downwards, seemingly wanting to chop Yang Kai in half.

Yang Kai responded with a cold snort. Summoning the Myriads Sword into his hand once more, he proceeded to swing it up, causing a chilling cold Sword Qi to burst forth and break the jade-green longsword apart.

Fu Shu was stunned for an instant, surprised at the outcome.

Yang Kai said, “Is that all of you’ve got, First Imperial Prince? Ridiculous! Do you not have any other moves? Let me see exactly what you’re capable of!”

Fu Shu roared back in fury, “Don’t get cocky, you little brat!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

All of a sudden Fu Shu started to chant; however, this time around, Yang Kai did not recognize the words, nor could he associate them with any Shamanic Spell he knew. While he chanted, Fu Shu proceeded to take a stance akin to what one would take when notching an arrow on a bow.

A jade-green arrow mysteriously appeared before him, which he held lightly as he drew it on an invisible bow.

“Chasing Star Pursuing Moon! Die!”

Following Fu Shu’s furious roar, the jade-green arrow disappeared as it spun through the air, smashing through space, leaving a gash across the sky that was visible to the naked eye before appearing right before Yang Kai’s face.

Yang Kai tilted his head to the side, as the arrow slid past his temples, slicing off a few strands of black hair that drifted away with the wind.

“You dare dodge!” Fu Shu erupted like a volcano as he continued to pull back on his invisible bow, repeatedly launching arrow after arrow at Yang Kai. Blood continued to flow out from his nostrils like water bursting out from a dam, dripping down and staining his robes and the ground below. Nevertheless, Fu Shu did not seem to notice this at all, as if he had entered into a frenzied state.

However, after firing off five arrows in a row, blood was now dripping from all of his seven orifices.

It seemed that unleashing the Sacred Techniques had put an extremely large burden on his body.

No power in this world could be obtained without a corresponding price. Without a doubt, this also applied to Fu Shu. Being the First Imperial Prince, he had obtained the protection of the Sacred Tree at birth, granting him the capability to unleash this powerful Sacred Techniques. Nevertheless, with his Third-Order Dao Source cultivation, he would still have to pay a steep price to unleash enough power that could contend with Yang Kai.

His unrestrained attacks allowed Yang Kai to observe the flow of power for the Sacred Technique’s origin with greater detail and accuracy.

All of a sudden, a frown appeared abruptly on Yang Kai’s face, as though he had thought of something. Taking a deep breath, he proceeded to close his eyes.

Fu Shu was immediately overjoyed when he saw this and proceeded to shout naively, “So you now know the might of this Prince? It’s too late for you to kneel and beg for your life! This Prince has decided that you will experience the worst torture in this realm!”

As he said those words, he raised his hands yet again, sending a green arrow shooting off into the sky.

Right at this instant, Yang Kai’s eyes suddenly snapped open and raised his hand lightly to grab at the jade green arrow. In the next instant, the powerful arrow was locked into place before him, unable to move even an inch forward.

“How is that possible?”

Yang Kai and Fu Shu both uttered the same question, though the former had a blank look on his face, while the latter had one filled with shock.

“Your aura…” The goateed man’s eyes suddenly turned as round as saucers as he stared fixedly at Yang Kai, as though he was looking at something he had never seen before that left him full of confusion.

Right at the instant, Yang Kai closed his eyes, his aura suddenly experienced a drastic change.

It did not become any stronger; however, his aura now made people feel as though it came from ancient antiquity, like he had stepped through time into this moment, his entire body radiating a desolateness that could not be identified nor described.

The jade arrow dissipated within Yang Kai’s hand as an ancient chant began to stream from his lips.

At this instant, he was not an Emperor Realm Master, but a Shaman King, an Ancient Shaman King that hailed from the South Barbarian Clan of the ancient world!

His words sounded more cryptic and indecipherable than the First Imperial Prince’s, and despite not ringing out loudly, they seemed exceedingly hard to pronounce.

The goateed man’s entire body shook violently as his entire being turned as stiff as a dumb chicken.

A tiny flame snake suddenly appeared right before Yang Kai, slithering about as if it was a living creature, before he quickly made his judgement.

This was not a Sacred Technique, as there was no jade-green glow present on the flame snake that was unique to the Sacred Techniques, though the process of its construction seemed to be exactly the same as the Sacred Techniques.

“So that’s what your so-called Sacred Techniques are, huh…” The corners of Yang Kai’s mouth curled up, as he was mysteriously able to sense a connection with something that was present within Human Imperial City. This connection was precisely something that he had established after transforming into a Shaman King, and after casting the Shamanic Spell, this connection had instantly become much stronger.