Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2966, The Secret of the Revolving World

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Many different thoughts flashed through the Human Sovereign’s mind as he made the mental preparations to haggle with Yang Kai. At the same time, he was also secretly planning to surrender if the latter made any outrageous requests. So long as Yang Kai didn’t request for his throne, everything else was negotiable. And as long as he could keep Yang Kai controlled, he could slowly think of ways to deal with Yang Kai.

“Tell me about the history of this Human Imperial City and the Revolving World.”

“Huh? What?” The Human Sovereign gawked, wondering if he just misheard the question.

At this moment, the Human Sovereign was basically fish on the chopping block, and this outsider was holding the chef’s knife. Yet, the Human Sovereign absolutely didn’t expect Yang Kai to make such a request. The Human Sovereign was mentally prepared to pay a pound of flesh, yet Yang Kai only wanted to pluck one strand of hair from him… no, this couldn’t even count as a strand of hair.

“You really are old. Have you gone blind and deaf?” Yang Kai stared coldly at him, somewhat dissatisfied with the Human Sovereign’s response.

Only then did the Human Sovereign realise that Yang Kai really was making such a simple request. As he secretly attempted to guess the reason behind Yang Kai’s question, he simultaneously rearranged his thought processes and replied, “Since you, Esteemed One, wish to know, then this Sovereign…”

“Hm?”

“Then this Old Master will briefly summarize,” a somewhat awkward look appeared on the Human Sovereign’s face. It had always been other people watching his expressions to handle matters. Never had he expected a day to come where he would have to handle matters in accordance with someone else’s expression.

“This Old Master’s knowledge is also limited, so if there are areas that aren’t too detailed, please do not be offended, Esteemed One.”

Yang Kai waved his hand, “Just get on with it.”

The Human Sovereign let off a dry cough before continuing, “In reality, this Revolving World can be considered a part of the Star Boundary. Naturally, back when the two places were still connected, the Star Boundary wasn’t yet known as the Star Boundary. I’m also not too sure what that ancient people called it, but it seems our ancestors called themselves the Barbarian Race, while their Masters cultivated Shamanic Strength. Clansmen gathered together into tribes to form the structure of society. Although there were internal conflicts, the human race flourished.”

As he continued to speak, he quietly observed the expression on Yang Kai’s face, noticing that the latter’s expression had grown somewhat strange, as though he was reminiscing about something. Not knowing which part of his explanation had caused Yang Kai’s expression to change so, he did not dare to stop, “All of a sudden, the Heavens fell and the Earth was rent, before a gigantic hole appeared in the sky. Powerful Masters proceeded to stream out of the hole and attacked the Barbarian Race. These Masters that came from an unknown place called themselves the Demon Race. They had many powerful Masters, with murder and carnage being the defining traits of their characters. Many tribes suffered immense numbers of injuries and deaths. Faced with such a strange and dangerous foe, our ancestors were naturally unwilling to wait helplessly for death, and therefore mustered the strength of the entire Barbarian Race to resist.”

“The war between the races was incomparably intense, seemingly lasting for many decades. Both races, be it the Barbarian or the Demon Race suffered massive casualties, and the battlefield where the final act of the war happened has become what is now known as the Revolving World.”

Yang Kai asked in surprise, “The Revolving World was a battlefield of the past? Then, in accordance with what you’ve said, why did the Revolving World separate from the Star Boundary?”

The Human Sovereign replied, “Esteemed one, you don’t know, but the reason why our ancestors were able to win that war seems to be related to the Sacred Tree. From the records written down in ancient books, the Sacred Tree had given up its life and sealed the passageway the Demon Race was using to invade our world. However, it was a pity, as in the end, for some unknown reason, a conflict arose between the World Principles of the Star Boundary and the Demon Realm, causing the entire battlefield to be exiled into the Void. This led to the birth of the Revolving World. The few survivors from the Barbarian and Demon Race who were on that battlefield at the time managed to survive and proceeded to settle in this place. In the beginning, there were mutually destructive fights erupting constantly; however, the World Principles here had become exceedingly warped, causing our Human Race to suffer quite a bit. Furthermore, the Revolving World’s World Principles were not constant. For some time, it was quite similar to that of the Star Boundary, allowing our Human Race to move about freely without suffering any negative consequences. However, at other times, the World Principles seemed to match with the Demon Realm, causing the World Energy to become infused with Demon Qi. This caused our Human Race to have difficulties moving about. In the end, we had to rely on the Sacred Tree and gradually proceeded to erect Human Imperial City. This gave the Human Race a place to establish themselves and so it has continued on for tens of thousands of years.”

Yang Kai nodded slightly as he sent a complicated gaze towards the towering ancient tree.

Senior Qing was still alive. Although he was no longer the intelligent old tree from ancient times, there was still a sliver of Will remaining. Nevertheless, Senior Qing was to this day using his body and strength to protect the surviving Humans. If not for Senior Qing, there would have been no more Humans present in the Revolving World.

That was because the World Principles here were more suited for the survival of the Demon Race, allowing Demon Qi to propagate, leaving humans utterly incapable of surviving on their own.

When this was flipped, it did not restrict the Demon Race much. Having lived in much worse conditions than this, the Demons were naturally not affected by this relatively good environment by their standards.

The information provided by the Human Sovereign was in line with Yang Kai’s experience in the Thousand Illusions Dreamworld, proving that the latter was not lying and that Tiea was also not lying. It was just that there were some differences between the real and illusionary world. At the very least, Yang Kai did not experience the birth of the Revolving World in the illusionary realm he had experienced, and Senior Qing had completely perished in that fight.

He did not know whether it was due to an error in Tiea’s records or something else.

“In other words, this Revolving World is in fact located in the Void?” Yang Kai asked with a frown.

The Human Sovereign nodded, “That’s right. Our ancestors had made many guesses to the actual position of the Revolving World; however, it has been basically recognized that this world is located within a fissure. This Void Crack is positioned in between the Star Boundary and the Demon Realm, which is why the World Principles of this world flip back and forth, being dominated by the Star Boundary at times, and then the Demon Realm at other times.”

Yang Kai nodded gently, with many of his suspicions answered.

Earlier, when he was devoured by the Frozen Tide in the Frozen Earth, Yang Kai sensed the strong Space Principle fluctuations. Obviously, that Frozen Tide was in fact a kind of Void Tear that one would be able to enter the Revolving World from.

However, unlike teleportations via Space Arrays, this was Cross-World transmission.

“Has no one ever tried to leave the Revolving World and return to the Star Boundary?” Asked Yang Kai.

The Human Sovereign gave an embarrassed laugh, “Our ancestors had thought of that; however, who would have known that the World Barriers would be so firm? Before talking about finding a way back, one would first need to find a way to break through this barrier.” Right after saying those words, the face of the Human Sovereign suddenly changed as he looked suspiciously at Yang Kai and asked, “Esteemed One, you seemed to be proficient in the Dao of Space, right?”

Earlier, he had asked Yang Kai how he was able to enter Human Imperial City without the Human Sovereign Seal.

At that time, Yang Kai had displayed his Space Principles, and despite his age, the Human Sovereign’s vision was quite sharp, so he was able to instantly understand the underlying source of this strength. If it was this person… he might very well be able to break through the World Barriers.

Considering all of this, the emotions present in the Human Sovereign’s heart suddenly started to turn jittery.

Yang Kai shot a thoughtful look at him, “It seems like you’re not looking to leave this place.”

A sliver of embarrassment appeared on the face of the Human Sovereign as he quickly replied, “Leaving this world and returning to our ancestral home is the final wish of our ancestors. This Old Master naturally wishes to leave this place.”

Yang Kai sneered in response, “What nonsense are you talking about? In Human Imperial City, the Human Sovereign stands above all, with his every word being law. No one, regardless of how strong or weak, dares to go against him. If I were you, I also wouldn’t wish to leave this place. Who would leave such a carefree and happy life?”

The Human Sovereign gave a couple of dry coughs as Yang Kai had obviously hit upon the truth. Although he wasn’t too strong, he understood the situation he was in. If he were to really leave the Revolving World and return to the Star Boundary, he would be knocked off his throne right back down to the masses.

Yang Kai changed the subject and asked, “Is there really no way to leave this world?” Before waiting for the Human Sovereign to reply, Yang Kai continued, “You better speak the truth. Although I’m not too willing to kill an old man, I will not hesitate to do so if I’m forced to.”

The face of the Human Sovereign changed slightly as he replied hastily, “Yin Wind Mountain!”

“Where is this Yin Wind Mountain? Can I leave this Revolving World from that Yin Wind Mountain?”

The Human Sovereign replied, “There’s a very small possibility of that being true, and I don’t dare to guarantee its existence. Naturally, this is only for a Master like you, as it is a Forbidden Zone for anyone that doesn’t cultivate the Dao of Space. During these years, many of our ancestors gave their all to leave this place, trying many different methods, but all ending in futility. In the end, they finally managed to confirm that there was a passageway they could leave from that was located at the peak of Yin Wind Mountain. Naturally, that was only a possibility, as that place was exceedingly dangerous. The frigid winds which blow there are filled with a combination of Cold and Demon Qi. Even a Third-Order Emperor cannot penetrate too deeply into it.”

“Cold Qi?” Yang Kai’s eyebrows rose up, catching the critical words, “What kind of Cold Qi?”

The Human Sovereign replied, “Cold Qi that will sap every single bit of vitality.”

Yang Kai’s eyes lit up upon hearing this. Wasn’t that just like the Cold Qi present within the Frozen Earth? It looked like this fellow wasn’t lying, and that meant that it might really be possible to leave this Revolving World from this Yin Wind Mountain.

The Cold Qi from the Frozen Earth couldn’t appear in this Revolving World without a reason; after all, they were in two separate worlds. However, in actual fact, there was Cold Qi present at the top of Yin Wind Mountain. That meant that the Cold Qi from the Frozen Earth was entering the Revolving World from some passageway. If Yang Kai was able to reverse the direction of that passageway, he would definitely be able to open the way back to the Star Boundary.

However, there was still Demon Qi present within the Yin Winds. That meant that the passageway was not only connected to the Star Boundary, but also the Demon Realm, which naturally allowed the Demon Qi from there to flow into here.

Therefore, the location above Yin Wind Mountain should be the spatial nexus between the Revolving World, Star Boundary and the Demon Realm.

Just the Cold Qi was already exceedingly terrifying to deal with. Coupled with Demon Qi, it was indeed capable of stopping a Third-Order Emperor in their tracks.

That’s why there was no one from the Human Race in here that was capable of leaving the Revolving World.

Observing Yang Kai’s expressions and noticing the drastic changes that were occurring, how could the Human Sovereign not know what the former had guessed? Despite feeling ecstatic, there was not a single change to the Human Sovereign’s expression as he proceeded to speak in an earnest manner, “Are you going to take the risk, Esteemed One? Forgive me for saying this, but Yin Wind Mountain isn’t a good place. Even if you managed to find the exit, you might not be able to return to the Star Boundary and instead accidentally enter the Demon Realm! That would really be a certain way to die.”

Yang Kai patted the latter’s shoulders, to the point where the Human Sovereign started to get squashed down, before grinning, “Aren’t you eager for me to die as soon as possible? Just say what’s on your mind out loud, it’s disgusting to watch you cover up your real thoughts while giving ironic replies.”

An embarrassed look appeared on the Human Sovereign’s face. Nevertheless, despite cursing out within his heart, he wasn’t that thick-skinned to reply to Yang Kai’s words.

Contrary to him, Yang Kai had already made up his mind. Rubbing his hand, he said, “Let’s go to Yin Wind Mountain!”

The Human Sovereign was instantly petrified, “I… I’m also going?”

“You wish to go there?” Yang Kai cast a sidelong gaze at him.

The Human Sovereign shook his head vehemently. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“If you don’t wish to go, why ask?” Yang Kai sneered, before changing the topic, “Do you know why I’m not killing you?”

The Human Sovereign wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and replied in a shivering voice, “Please tell me.”

Yang Kai turned to look at Senior Qing and replied, “I’m letting you keep your life, so you better take good care of Human Imperial City, and not lose the face of your ancestors. These people managed to keep their lives all due to Senior Qing’s blessings.”