Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2967, Heavens Beyond Heavens, People Beyond People

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Yes,” The Human Sovereign had become a yes-man, completely unlike his earlier aloof and haughty attitude. With the support of the Sacred Tree being stripped away from him, and his personal strength being of no use, he had no other choice but to wag his tail and act obediently.

Nevertheless, feelings of doubt were present in his heart. Who was Senior Qing? Could Yang Kai be referring to the Sacred Tree? Why did he not know anything about this?

“Let’s go,” His interest waning, Yang Kai called out to the Human Sovereign. Extending his hand to touch Senior Qing’s large and tall trunk one last time, Yang Kai then proceeded to turn around and head out.

The Human Sovereign followed closely behind.

Walking out of the fog and back into the Imperial Palace, sounds of intense fighting immediately rang out in their ears, with miserable shrieks and angry roars punctuating it from time to time.

“Quite an intense fight,” Yang Kai swept his gaze out, spotting people strewn disorderly across the ground. Ninety percent of the over twenty Imperial Princes and Princesses were lying on the ground, with basically all of them having broken arms and legs. A few of them appeared to have suffered serious injuries, with large pools of blood surrounding them, their lives teetering on the brink of death.

As for the guards who protected the Sacred Tree, half of them had basically been beaten into the ground while at this moment, a three-hundred-meter-long Red Dragon lorded over the sky, searing hot Dragon Breath spewing out from its mouth as it unleashed one devastating Dragon Clan Secret Technique after another, causing the humans on the ground to cover their heads and scuttle about like ants.

The Human Sovereign was utterly shocked by what he was seeing, as unconcealable terror surfaced within his eyes.

Although he knew that it was not easy to deal with the Dragon Clan, he didn’t expect this young woman to be this terrifying.

He had basically gathered all of the Masters at his disposal here, yet they were still unable to take down a single Dragon. Instead, his people suffered serious injuries and were almost all completely incapacitated. Despite its gigantic body making for a very clear target, every single attack coming from the Red Dragon was exceedingly powerful and terrifying, which left those Masters that were still able to move teetering between life and death.

In the blink of an eye, two more Emperor Realm guards were engulfed in the Dragon Breath attack, their entire bodies covered in flames as they fell from the sky, crying out miserably.

“Stop, everyone stop!” The Human Sovereign hastily shouted out.

The Imperial Princes and Princesses, as well as the guards that were still able to move, proceeded to retreat, increasing the distance between them and Zhu Qing. Looking up, all of them gawked in shock upon seeing Yang Kai and the Human Sovereign.

That was because Yang Kai was actually standing in front of the Human Sovereign. The almighty and aloof Human Sovereign unexpectedly stood three steps behind, as though he was a subordinate, with an unprecedented look of urgency present on his face.

“Imperial Father!” The Second Princess shouted. With her Second-Order Emperor Realm cultivation, she was the strongest among the Imperial Family. Furthermore, she had been tangled up in a fight against the little black dog and did not take direct action against Zhu Qing. This resulted in her not suffering any serious injuries, only looking miserable with her clothes tattered, revealing her skin to the world. She looked in shock at the Human Sovereign, wanting to ask the latter exactly what was going on. Yet, no matter what, she was unable to speak those words out.

“Shameful!” The Human Sovereign roared in fury without any warning at all, instantly stunning everyone, “These two are this Sovereign’s esteemed guests, yet you all treated them so improperly, even going so far as to clash against them! Such impudence! All of you are totally disregarding this Sovereign!”

The entire place turned silent, while the Second Princess felt dizzy as a result.

Did… did they mishear? The orders from the Human Sovereign were the sole reason why they had all taken action; to use our combined might to take down this Dragon Clan member. However, in the blink of an eye, their Imperial Father had actually spun an entirely different narrative.

Was this the Human Sovereign that they knew? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Contrary to the others, the Third Imperial Prince reacted quickly as he hastily knelt down, “Please calm yourself, Imperial Father! We were all just excited to have an opportunity to exchange some pointers with our guest and did not have any intentions to be negligent.”

“Exchange pointers?” The Human Sovereign reacted gloomily to his response, before sneakily sizing up Yang Kai. After discovering an emotionless expression on Yang Kai’s face, he raised his hand and smashed it down on the Third Imperial Prince.

The heavy palm smashed into the Third Imperial Prince, sending him flying and spurting out blood in the air.

The Human Sovereign roared angrily, “Is this the way you all exchange pointers? All of you actually exchanged pointers at once, having an absolute advantage in numbers! All of you have really caused our Imperial Family to lose face!”

Ignoring the serious injuries he had suffered, the Third Imperial Prince knelt down and spoke once again, trembling in fear as he did so, “Please quell your anger, Imperial Father! We see the error in our ways.”

“We see the error in our ways!”

The Imperial Princes, Princesses, and guards hastily knelt down, even the two Third Order Emperors weren’t exceptions. Such a scene couldn’t occur in the outside world. All Third-Order Emperors in the Star Boundary stood high above others, and which one of them was not an overlord that could flip mountains and boil seas? Why would they ever kneel before a person that had weaker cultivation than them?

Yet, this was a common occurrence in Human Imperial City.

“Does a single ‘we see the error in our ways’ excuse you all for neglecting our guests and starting a fight with them? Don’t be so na?ve!” The Human Sovereign’s expression turned cold, before taking up what seemed like a strict and impartial attitude, “Looks like all of you have been living in peace for too long, leaving you all not knowing that there are Heavens beyond Heavens, and people beyond people.”

The Second Princess opened her mouth as though she wanted to say something, but she was stopped by the Human Sovereign with a single glare. One could guess how many grievances she was feeling right now in her heart.

Within Human Imperial City, the Imperial Family was the Heavens, so where were there any Heavens beyond the Heavens? People beyond people?

“These unfilial things have eyes but failed to see, and actually dared to take action towards the wife of this esteemed one. May I know what the esteemed one feels about this? This Old Master will definitely abide by whatever esteemed one decides.” The Human Sovereign turned his head around and looked earnestly towards Yang Kai.

Everyone turned as dumb as a wooden chicken upon hearing his words, even the Third Imperial Prince, who had some guesses towards the current situation. Never in their wildest dreams did they expect the Human Sovereign to treat the outsider with such courtesy, to the point where it seemed like an act of servitude.

Exactly what had happened inside the fog barrier? Why did the Human Sovereign’s attitude change so drastically? He had even addressed himself as ‘Old Master’…

Despite not having guessed what had happened within, the Third Imperial Prince could faintly make out that something astonishing had definitely occurred. If not, it would be impossible for the Human Sovereign to bend over and curry favour like this.

Yang Kai grinned in response, before raising his head to look towards the exquisite figure in the air and speaking in a raised voice, “Are you injured, Qing’er?”

Returning to her human form, Zhu Qing shook her head slowly after hearing his words.

If not for her being a member of the Dragon Clan, it would have been impossible for anyone to escape successfully in the face of so many powerful opponents. However, after assuming her dragon form, her bodily defences reached astonishing levels, resulting in her not being at much of a disadvantage despite being utterly outnumbered. Although she had suffered quite a few attacks, she did not seem to be injured.

Smiling, Yang Kai turned and looked at the Human Sovereign and replied, “There’s no problem then. Let’s just treat this as an exchange of pointers and end things here.”

The Human Sovereign was overwhelmed with emotions and bowed, “This Old Master is very grateful for your esteemed one’s righteousness.”

He was truly afraid that Yang Kai would not let this matter go, and secretly felt lucky that this Dragon was immensely powerful. If not, this matter would not end as peacefully as it did.

“Why aren’t you all scramming out of here? You bunch of shameful things!” The Human Sovereign turned his head towards the others in the hall and roared in anger.

Snapping back to their senses as though they had just come out of a dream, the Imperial Princes, Princesses, and guards proceeded to retreat, though not forgetting to pick up their injured companions on the way out.

The little black dog appeared out of nowhere, just like a spectre, and while the Second Princess was still confused over the whole matter, clamped down on her dress.

Gasping in shock, the Second Princess raised her hand to smack it away.

“Huh?” The Human Sovereign snorted coldly.

The Second Princess’s moving hand was instantly halted in mid air. Becoming increasingly bold, the little black dog proceeded to rip out a large piece of her blouse, revealing the pink underwear within. Having done so, it ran towards a side in excitement, its tail raised high, appearing exceedingly satisfied, as though it had managed to exact some kind of deep revenge it had borne.

The Second Princess’s face turned pale as she frantically tried to cover her barely bulging bosom. Her face proceeded to turn red as she stamped her feet in hatred before she left in a flash.

“I apologize to you for this poor joke, esteemed one.” The Human Sovereign felt incomparably embarrassed. In the past, he felt that his Imperial Princes and Princesses were still reliable; however, all of them had revealed their pathetic characters today.

Yang Kai replied indifferently, “My wife and I will be staying in the Imperial Palace temporarily.”

Not willing for it to happen yet unable to stop it, the Human Sovereign had no other choice but to reply, “You can stay as long as you want, esteemed one.”

“Rest assured. I will not be staying here for long. After making our preparations, we will set out.”

The Human Sovereign did not dare to continue speaking, as one would be bound to slip up if they spoke too much in a short period of time.

“Additionally, I need all of the information you have about this Revolving World and Yin Wind Mountain. Send over everything as soon as possible.”

“Yes!”

“Furthermore, I have something that requires your assistance. There is another Dragon Clan member and human that had accompanied my wife and me into the Revolving World. I hope that Human Sovereign can help take note of this, and inform me as soon as there is news about this matter.”

“Rest assured, esteemed one. When the World Principles shift, this Old Master will immediately send people to search for them.”

“Good.”

…..

An hour later, within an exceedingly luxurious palace, Yang Kai was gently embracing Zhu Qing while seated on a spacious sofa. Zhu Qing was seated on his leg, with the little black dog dozing off by their side.

“From what you’re saying, this Revolving World really is unique, and if we want to leave, we have to pass through Yin Wind Mountain?” Asked Zhu Qing in a soft voice.

Yang Kai held her hands and started to play around gently with her fingers. Zhu Qing’s hands were extremely beautiful, something that he did not pay attention to in the past. Only after becoming intimate with her did he realize that her hands were snow white and completely unblemished, soft and supple, with her fingers long and slender.

It was hard to imagine that such tiny hands were capable of unleashing such terrifying might.

Zhu Qing was completely unnerved by being played around by him, resulting in her wanting to pull her hands back. Nevertheless, she was unable to muster any strength, leaving her with no other option but to glare at him, causing a slightly menacing air to appear.

Pretending to not notice her reaction, Yang Kai continued to play with her hands and replied in a leisurely manner, “From the information we have in hand, Yin Wind Mountain is the only way out of this place, so we have no other choice but to head there.”

Zhu Qing said worriedly, “But the Yin Winds are not easy to fend off. Earlier, we did not travel too far into the Frozen Earth, so we don’t know what the Yin Winds in the depths of the Frozen Earth are like. If the Yin Winds come from the deepest parts of the Frozen Earth…”

In the best-case scenario, it would be hard for a Third-Order Emperor to move about, with them frozen into ice cubes on mere contact being the worst case.

“Regardless of that, we have to take a look. However, we have to find Zhu Lie first.”

“Truthfully speaking… this is quite a good place. With the protection of that so-called Sacred Tree, there’s no need to be worried at all when in Human Imperial City. There’s no need to worry about any harassment. If we could stay here…”

“You wish to stay here?” Yang Kai gawked in slight surprise.

Right as Zhu Qing was about to reply, she seemed to suddenly notice something, her face turning red as she hastily stood up from Yang Kai’s lap.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai pulled her back down.

“Someone’s coming,” Zhu Qing felt somewhat anxious, as she was still very easily embarrassed due to her being a beginner towards such intimacy.

Seeing her insistence, Yang Kai did not force her anymore and allowed her to stand up.

After an instant, a cold and indifferent voice rang out from outside the palace, “Are you two esteemed ones there? Fu Yu has come to seek an audience.”

The little black dog, who was lying on the ground, lifted its head up fiercely and bared its fangs in anger. During the earlier fight, it had come to see Fu Yu as its nemesis, resulting in it being hostile towards this woman’s voice.

“Come in.”