Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2968, Growth

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The palace doors were pushed open and a few women and girls walked in in single file. All of them possessed outstanding appearances, with Fu Yu in their lead.

Each of them carried a huge pile of what seemed like ancient books in their hands.

“Sir, the things you have requested are all here,” Fu Yu said with her head lowered. It seemed that she had a look of unwillingness present on her face, as though she was very reluctant to carry out these menial tasks.

Truthfully speaking, how would she be here if not for the Human Sovereign’s orders? Why would she do something a servant would normally do? She did not know what the Human Sovereign was thinking or why he would curry favour with this outsider to such a degree.

The displeasure in her heart was projected right on her face.

“Put them down over there,” sweeping his gaze across the group of people, Yang Kai discovered that the majority of these girls were familiar to his eyes, meaning that all of them were actually princesses. From the looks of it, Fu Yu was the oldest, with the youngest looking no more than fourteen or fifteen years of age. He did not see this little girl earlier in the palace, though her having six leaves was something that could not be faked. The youngest princess was obviously very curious; despite standing at the rear of the group, she continued to focus her big eyes on Yang Kai.

Being influenced by Fu Yu, her first impression of Yang Kai was that he was an exceedingly wicked and evil person; however, that didn’t seem to be the case from her initial impression of him. He possessed neither three heads nor six arms, leaving her wondering why her Eldest Sister held such hatred against him.

Yang Kai swept his gaze over and winked.

This scared the little princess, who hastily lowered her head and dropped the items in her hands.

“Do you have any other requests? If not, we will take our leave.” Fu Yu glared coldly at Yang Kai, her voice sounding hard and emotionless, a look of unwillingness still present on her face.

Yang Kai cast a sidelong glance at her, seemingly deliberating trying to cause difficulties for her as he waved his hand and replied, “Wait outside then. I’ll call you if I need anything, and don’t disturb us if there isn’t anything.”

“Wait… wait outside?” Fu Yu’s eyes snapped wide open as though she had misheard. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She was the Second Princess of the Human Imperial City, with only one person above her, while everyone else stood below! Sending the ancient books to him was already a form of humiliation for her, yet he actually dared to ask her to wait outside at his beck and call? Did he really think that she was a servant that he could order around? She was utterly incapable of enduring it.

Anger started to appear on her face. However, right at the last moment, she remembered the Human Sovereign’s earlier instructions and it was as if a bucket of cold water had been dumped on her, causing her overflowing anger to evaporate in a flash, leaving her no choice but to reply through clenched teeth, “Yes!”

Regardless of anything, she did not dare to go against the Human Sovereign’s orders.

The few other princesses slowly backed out of the palace, their hearts filled with various kinds of thoughts as they stood guard outside of the door. Other than the little princess, the rest had expressions of hatred on their faces, as they felt that they should not be taking care of such matters.

Within the palace, Yang Kai and Zhu Qing stared at the pile of ancient books on the table, before picking up a book each to start reading.

These ancient books basically recorded the history of the Revolving World. Half of them recorded historical events, while the other half recorded points of geography. The Human Race had lived here for tens of thousands of years and had a fair understanding of this place. This world wasn’t very large, so other than the ten thousand kilometres of restricted area where Demon Fury City stood, the Human Race had already surveyed every single piece of land.

These books were all the private collection of the Imperial Family, so it was basically impossible for any random person to have read them.

For the next few days, Yang Kai and Zhu Qing locked themselves within the palace, reading through those ancient books in detail as they gathered various kinds of information about this world.

At the end of these few days, Yang Kai rubbed his temples, placing the last of the ancient books down as his brow twitched unconsciously, seemingly deep in thought.

By his side, Zhu Qing had similarly completed her reading. Looking up in thought, she mused, “So it turns out that this world is really located in the Void Crack between the two Great Worlds.”

Yang Kai smiled and replied, “If that wasn’t the case, there wouldn’t be the phenomenon of the changing World Principles.”

“It really must have been difficult for them to live and establish lives in such a place. The Sacred Tree is truly a blessing to them.”

“Sacred Tree…” Yang Kai nodded lightly, “It has indeed aided them greatly. Not only did it shelter the entire Human Imperial City, but it also left behind the inheritance of Shamanic Spells.”

Yang Kai originally assumed that it was the old ancestors of the Imperial Family that had passed down the Shamanic Spells to them, allowing the flame of Shamanic Spells to not be extinguished. However, from the looks of it, that was not entirely the case.

After tens of thousands of years, with the constant change of World Principles, that Shaman Strength that once filled the Star Boundary had gradually been replaced by the modern Martial Dao. The occasional contacts with the World Principles of the Star Boundary meant that the Revolving World naturally wasn’t suitable for the cultivation of Shamanic Spells.

However, the existence of Senior Qing allowed for the continued inheritance of Shamanic Spells here.

Those Imperial Family members had no other choice but to cultivate in the vicinity of Senior Qing, comprehending the latter’s strength. Only by forming a resonance with Senior Qing would they truly be able to cultivate Shaman Strength. Even if they had the cultivation methods, the World Principles of the Revolving World wouldn’t allow them to cultivate their Shamanic Strength if not for the aid Senior Qing provided.

Senior Qing was the hero of an entire era, the torchbearer for the power of the entire ancient world. Without him, Shamans would have long gone extinct in this Revolving World.

It was a pity that his consciousness had disappeared during the final battle between Humans and Demons, leaving only a faint remnant Will behind. This remnant Will continued to uphold the wishes he had while he was still living, to protect the Human Race and pass down the Shamanic Ways.

No one knew whether there was any hope for Senior Qing to regain full consciousness. Nevertheless, Yang Kai knew that the possibility of that happening was exceedingly bleak. That was because, after tens of thousands of years, Senior Qing would have already awakened if it were actually possible, and not wait all that while to do so.

Furthermore, Yang Kai guessed that Senior Qing would not be able to remember his past experiences even if he could truly awaken, and would instead be reborn with a clean slate.

He should be granted a new life.

There were records of Yin Wind Mountain within the ancient books as well, though they were rather sparse. Most of the records were of its approximate location, without any information about the situation present on it. That was because not a single human had ever stepped foot onto it for the past few tens of thousands of years.

On the contrary, members of the Demon Race would frequently visit it, relying on the pure Demon Qi gushing out from Yin Wind Mountain to cultivate.

Therefore, if they really wanted to go to Yin Wind Mountain, they would definitely end up in a conflict against the Demon Race.

Yang Kai did not mind this though as he had managed to subdue a dozen Demon Kings within the illusionary realm that would heed his every order. He had the knowledge of the various unique traits of the Demon Race at his fingertips, so they would be the ones in trouble if they were to run into him.

Other than that, there was still no news about Zhu Lie from the Human Sovereign.

The World Principles of the Revolving World had already changed, allowing all of Human Imperial City’s Masters to be mobilized, searching in all directions for news pertaining to Zhu Lie. Nevertheless, there was no new discovery yet.

Yang Kai and Zhu Qing were not too worried about Zhu Lie, as he was also an Eighth-Order Red Dragon after all. He wouldn’t be a Dragon Clan member if he could be easily dealt with.

Therefore, the two of them continued to stay leisurely within the Imperial Palace.

Today, Yang Kai suddenly woke up from his seated rest, his eyes glowing faintly as he seemed to be in an excited but also somewhat confused mood.

“What happened?” Not needing to cultivate in a traditional fashion, Zhu Qing was currently flipping through a book, but sensing Yang Kai’s movements, she raised her head to ask him.

“I think I’ve become stronger, Qing’er,” Yang Kai replied with elation.

“It’s a good thing to become strong, so what’s with that look?”

“That’s because I don’t know why I became stronger.”

“Which aspect of yours became stronger?”

“My bloodline!” Yang Kai looked at Zhu Qing in curiosity, “I didn’t seem to do anything during this period of time, so why do I feel that my bloodline has become quite a bit stronger?”

The increase in the strength of his bloodline was apparent as Yang Kai was able to sense the Golden Divine Dragon Source’s strength fusing with him on an even deeper level than before. During this period of time, he did not cultivate the Dragon Transformation Secret Art, nor did he engage in any life or death battles to stimulate his potential, so there was no plausible reason for him to become stronger at all.

The increase of one’s strength would also require one’s efforts for it to happen.

“Let me test it!” For the sake of removing any feelings of misconception, Yang Kai proceeded to roar as he displayed the Dragon Transformation Secret Art.

After a high pitched dragon roar, a large Golden Dragon phantom appeared in a flash.

Creaking sounds rang out as loud cracks rang out from Yang Kai’s body as he proceeded to grow in size. His combed hair scattered apart, and at the instant when Dragon Pressure erupted from within him, Yang Kai felt his head turn itchy, as though something was wanting to break through his scalp.

His arms grew longer, his hands transformed into claws, his clothing was ripped apart, revealing tough and resilient Dragon Scales that covered the entirety of his figure.

He was somewhat used to these transformations, and also knew the changes that were happening to him, so he continued to focus on experiencing the entire transformation process.

By the time the transformation had stopped, Yang Kai had already become a gigantic creature. With a gentle breath, two white jets of smoke instantly spewed out from his nostrils.

Seated on the chair, Zhu Qing closed her book, raised her head, and looked towards him.

Taking big strides, Yang Kai made a round within the hall, before exclaiming in surprise, “Oh, I seem to have grown a bit larger.”

Earlier, the fight against Zhu Lie in Azure Sun Temple had allowed Yang Kai to achieve a breakthrough in his Dragon Transformation Secret Art, going from twenty metres in length to forty metres.

However, his current body had actually increased in size again, and from the looks of it, it had already reached around forty-five metres. This increase was definitely not a misconception, but something that had really happened.

Ever since he had started to cultivate the Dragon Transformation Secret Art, Yang Kai had been able to faintly grasp onto some critical points that allowed him to deepen his mastery, resulting in a stronger fusion with the Golden Divine Dragon Source within him. This had increased the purity of his Dragon Bloodline, which corresponded to the growth in his size. The stronger and deeper his cultivation, the taller and bigger his half-dragon form would be.

Yang Kai suspected that when he finally fully refined the Golden Divine Dragon Source, he would be able to transform into a True Golden Dragon and traverse the myriad worlds.

“How tall were you in the past?” Asked Zhu Qing.

“Around here,” Yang Kai extended his hand to indicate his previous height. Fortunately, the construction of this palace was extremely extravagant, or he really wouldn’t be able to stand up straight.

“That means that you’ve really become stronger,” Zhu Qing smiled.

“But how is that possible?” Yang Kai scratched his head, which ended up in him using his dragon claws to scratch at the scales on his face, creating a string of sparks that shot everywhere.

It was a good thing to become stronger, but it wasn’t good if he didn’t know where the strength originated from. He needed to find the reason so that he could put effort in that direction in the future.

He started to reflect on the matters that had happened during this period of time, only to discover that there was really nothing noteworthy. Furthermore, it had been less than two months since his earlier breakthrough in the Dragon Transformation Secret Art. Yang Kai was able to remember every single thing that had happened since then, but was unable to recall anything special that had taken place.

Zhu Qing lowered her head as a reddish blush flashed across her face. She continued to read her book, though her heart wasn’t focused on its contents anymore.

“Do you know something?” Yang Kai turned his head to look over after discovering her strange actions.

Zhu Qing shook her head like a rattle drum as her face turned even redder.

“Hurry up and say it,” Yang Kai walked towards her and knelt down. Despite that, he was still a few times taller than Zhu Qing. Lowering his head to look at her small figure made him feel exceedingly weird.

This might be a similar view that Zhu Qing would have if she transformed into her Great Dragon form.