Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2971, Hello, Little Brother-In-Law

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai and Zhu Qing had to leave through the city’s Space Array, and the Human Sovereign personally sent them off.

A group of Imperial Princes and Princesses was following close behind along with anyone with the slightest prestige in Human Imperial City. The big crowd made the onlookers confused as to what was happening.

The Human Sovereign was extremely considerate the entire way, he tirelessly reminded Yang Kai of the things he should take note of when outside.

Yang Kai even bothered responding from time to time.

After finally delivering them to the Space Array, the Human Sovereign secretly let out a sigh of relief. As long as that guy left, Human Imperial City would still be under his rule and the position of his family would be secure.

He personally bestowed Yang Kai and Zhu Qing with the Human Sovereign Seal and ordered for the array to be activated.

When it lit up to initiate transport, the Human Sovereign’s suspended heart settled at last, and a relieved smile appeared on his face.

However, Yang Kai smashed his good mood into smithereens with one sentence, “In the future, this Young Master may come to visit again. I hope Sir will look after the Sacred Tree well and won’t arbitrarily extract its power again.”

After a flash of light, Yang Kai and Zhu Qing disappeared.

The Human Sovereign froze and his smile stiffened.

The Imperial Princes and Princesses, as well as the Masters gathered here, all sensed the Human Sovereign’s mood and kept silent out of fear. After a long time, an imposing aura burst forth from the Human Sovereign and washed out in all directions. As the fluctuations dispersed, after venting the anger in his heart, he seemed to have aged greatly.

……

Ten thousand kilometres from Human Imperial City, Yang Kai and Zhu Qing appeared in the depths of a burrow in what appeared to be a concealed cave.

The burrow was pitch-black with only a narrow passageway that led to the surface. In the burrow was a simple Space Array that connected with the array in the city. There were other numerous places like these dotted across the entirety of the Revolving World.

The cultivators of Human Imperial City travelled about using these Space Arrays.

Each Space Array was constructed in an obscure location, out of fear of being discovered by the Demon Race.

However, even if the Demon Race were to discover a Space Array, they could only destroy it, as without the Human Sovereign Seal’s blessing, they couldn’t enter Human Imperial City through the array. In a way, the Human Sovereign Seal was a protective mechanism of Human Imperial City. In this aspect, it was similar to the Transmission Token that Yang Kai used.

The Space Arrays arranged by him could only be used with a Transmission Token.

The pair came out of the burrow and onto the surface.

There was no abnormality with the outside world’s World Principles, indicating that the Revolving World was leaning towards the Star Boundary at the moment.

“Yang Kai, stand guard for me,” Zhu Qing wasted no time, and after informing Yang Kai, she set about using a Dragon Clan Secret Technique to find Zhu Lie’s whereabouts.

“Hm? What did you call me?”

Zhu Qing said quietly, “…Husband…”

She had never called a man like this before, so her heart raced as she felt like this simple address was capable of tying them intimately together, sharing life and death, disgrace and honour.

Yang Kai finally revealed a satisfied look.

Zhu Qing cut her palm and a drop of crimson blood dripped down. It was hot, like magma, but after falling onto the ground, it disappeared without a trace.

An enigmatic chant sounded and there was a reverent and solemn look on Zhu Qing’s face as she wove some ancient words together.

Yang Kai had witnessed such a scene before when Zhu Lie used the same Secret Technique back in the Frozen Earth.

It was a Secret Technique for locating individuals.

After a moment, when the chant reached its peak, the whole world trembled like thunder was brewing, and a Dragon’s roar pierced through the Heavens.

A small spot of red blossomed from the ground and what appeared to be a blood coral grew from it, reaching about a forearm’s length in height.

Zhu Qing stopped her chant and reached out to pick up the blood coral. Looking in the direction of the light the blood coral was floating towards, she pointed and said, “That way.”

Yang Kai nodded and he leapt into the sky to fly in that direction with Zhu Qing.

After the time it took to boil a cup of tea, the pair arrived in front of a cliff.

A long ravine stretched out into the distance while the cliff itself was extremely beak.

This was the Eagle Beak Cliff mentioned by the Human Sovereign before, and when they arrived, they saw remains of the Demon Race as they had expected. The ground was covered in fresh blood, severed limbs, and minced flesh. From the vestiges left at the scene, it seemed that although the battle had been intense, it was short-lived. The Demons seemed to have been killed before they could even bring out their full power.

This could only mean the Demons had encountered a strong enemy, so strong that they were entirely helpless.

Yang Kai looked over at Zhu Qing, who nodded back gently, “I sense an aura from the Dragon Clan, it’s definitely Zhu Lie.”

“Can you tell which direction they went?” Yang Kai asked.

Zhu Qing observed the blood coral for a moment then pointed left, “That way.”

After half an hour, Yang Kai, who was travelling quickly, let out a sound of surprise. He raised his head and looked into the distance, seemingly having discovered something.

Zhu Qing also noticed it and looked ahead with keen eyesight.

The World Energy over there was fluctuating, and there were faint sounds of battle. There seemed to be an ongoing dispute.

The two shared a glance before speeding up.

After a while, the scene ahead unfolded before their eyes.

Hundreds of troops from the Demon Race Army surrounded a single location, causing thick Demon Qi to envelop the area, and the people being surrounded by them happened to be the two people who had gotten separated from Yang Kai when he entered the Revolving World, Zhu Lie and Li Jiao.

It was unclear if they had always been together or if they had only recently met up.

The two of them were currently in a bleak situation. Although they were both powerful Masters, there seemed to be Demon Kings commanding the Demons surrounding them. It seemed that they planned to use the advantage of their numbers to slowly whittle them down.

The several dozen Demon Race corpses on the ground were no doubt Zhu Lie and Li Jiao’s handiwork.

The Demon Race had a hundred clans, and each clan possessed their own unique Innate Divine Abilities. Shadow Demons were the best at concealment, Charm Demons were unrivalled in seduction, Strength Demons possessed immense physical strength, Blood Demons were the most insidious, and if one didn’t know the characteristics of each clan, it was easy to suffer a loss.

If it was an average Third-Order Emperor, even if there were two of them, they would’ve already been defeated.

Thanks to Zhu Lie being a member of the Dragon Clan, he was able to persist under the encirclement. It was another matter for Li Jiao, however.

What’s more, it was obvious Zhu Lie wasn’t concerned with Li Jiao’s life or death.

When Yang Kai and Zhu Qing arrived, it was clear that Li Jiao’s condition wasn’t good. His mood was anxious and he was faintly emitting a black Qi. It seemed to have been corroded by the Demon Qi.

His eyes were faintly red, and his movements were stiff, while even the circulation of his Emperor Qi had become sluggish.

Among the Demon Race Army, an alluring Charm Demon suddenly used a technique against him. An intangible charm bypassed Li Jiao’s mental defences, causing ceaseless whispers to echo in his Soul, trying to break down his sense of self and reduce him to being a slave.

This was a signature move of Charm Demons. While they were physically weaker than average among Demons, their Souls were extremely powerful and were most suited to deception and manipulation.

A few Demon Great Generals charged fearlessly towards Zhu Lie, but were slain by him easily, their bodies exploding into blood mists that rained down from the sky.

In the next moment though, the blood raining down condensed together, as if it possessed spirituality, and formed into numerous blood serpents that flicked their tails and bared their fangs towards Zhu Lie.

Zhu Lie snorted coldly and spat out a searing Dragon Breath, incinerating the countless blood serpents. But before he could catch a break, a blood serpent suddenly leapt forth from the flames, much to Zhu Lie’s surprise.

At first glance, this blood serpent was indistinguishable from the others, but if one looked carefully, they would see its amazing and unique points.

It was too late to dodge it, so Zhu Lie could only use his Dragon Essence to block it.

A peal of eerie and pleased laughter arose from the snake as if its sinister ploy had succeeded.

Zhu Lie furrowed his brows with a foreboding feeling. It seemed that perhaps blocking the attack wasn’t the best move.

Just as the blood serpent was about to reach Zhu Lie, a pitch-black Moon Blade descended, brushed past Zhu Lie’s head, and directly cut the serpent in half. The blood serpent turned into ashes as if it had been incinerated, and at the same time, a miserable cry sounded from the distance.

A Blood Demon suddenly grabbed his head and collapsed onto the ground, his expression twisted as he writhed in pain.

“Who’s there?” Zhu Lie growled, but when he lifted his head, he saw a familiar figure in the sky.

Yang Kai grinned and greeted him warmly, “Hello, Little Brother-in-law!”

Zhu Lie furrowed his brows, his face puzzled, “What did you just say?”

He wasn’t sure he caught what Yang Kai just called him.

As soon as his words fell, Li Jiao, who had been fending off the enemies behind Zhu Lie, suddenly turned around and abruptly sent a palm towards him. Emperor Qi surged forth from the palm, along with the entire might of a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master.

Li Jiao’s eyes were now pitch black, and it was obviously not a move made of his own accord; however, even Zhu Lie couldn’t disregard such a blow.

A red light flashed as Zhu Qing mysteriously appeared between Zhu Lie and Li Jiao. Sending out a fist, she struck Li Jiao’s stomach.

There was the sound of bones breaking. Li Jiao let out a miserable scream and when his eyes regained clarity, it was clear he was at a loss as to what just happened. In an instant, he felt the sharp pain from his stomach and a tremendous force pressing down on his heart that practically threatened to silence it. A burst of Qi exploded behind him, tearing his clothes and sending him flying face-first, causing him to spit out a mouthful of blood mid-air. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhu Lie turned around and when he saw Zhu Qing, he was first overjoyed before his expression quickly cooled, “You’re still alive?”

“Is that any way to talk to your Elder Sister?” Zhu Qing glared at him.

“Hmph!” Zhu LIe snorted coldly. He wanted to say something else but he suddenly widened his eyes and gawked at Zhu Qing incredulously while stuttering, “You… You…”

“I what!?” Zhu Qing pursed her lips and blushed. She guessed the reason for Zhu Lie’s astonishment and quickly cut him off, “We can talk about it later.”