Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2977, Divine Beast Ah Wang

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In a flash, Hao Fei’s figure jolted before he completely froze in place as a sound of something shattering inside his body sounded.

Zhu Lie, on the other hand, was found standing behind Hao Fei. He slowly exhaled, feeling much better.

He let out a cold snort before chasing straight ahead, ignoring the dumbfounded Demon Race members.

No one stopped him; no one dared to stop him.

It was a long time after Zhu Lie left that the Demons finally and softly called out for Hao Fei, but they never got any response. Hao Fei remained frozen in the air as if a petrification technique had been used on him. There was no change in his facial and eye expression either, as if he was just a sculpture, an extremely detailed and vivid one.

“Senior? Senior Hao Fei!” The Charm Demon boldly stepped forward and touched Hao Fei.

Much to everyone’s surprise, Hao Fei’s figure exploded into a cloud of blood mist with a loud bang, leaving not even a single piece of bone behind.

Immediately, screams and gasps rang out as every Demon Race member gazed at the blood mist with trembling eyes. They almost felt that they were dreaming.

The strongest Master of Demon Fury City, the famous Senior Hao Fei, was actually dead!

Killed by a red-haired young man, who had popped out from who knows where, in a head-on confrontation.

If they had not seen it with their own eyes, perhaps no Demon would have believed it, but the facts were laid out before them, so they had no choice but to believe.

Compared to the sight of Demon Kings dying under the treasure of the previous Human, the sight of Hao Fei being killed in an instant was even more shocking.

After the shock though came the doubts.

Who was that red-haired young man? Who was that Human? Why hadn’t they heard of such fearsome Masters in Human Imperial City? If those two were from Human Imperial City, the Demon Race would have no place in the Revolving World. All of them would have already been massacred!

Demon Fury City had gone through a lot; first, several Demon Kings lost their lives, and now, the strongest Master of Demon Fury City also died. The entire Demon Fury City was covered in gloom and each member of the Demon Race was on tenterhooks. All of them were afraid that these two catastrophes would suddenly return. In that case, no one in Demon Fury City would be able to stop them.

“They won’t live long,” some Demon King shouted. “They went to that damned place, Yin Wind Mountain. They won’t come back, so there is nothing to worry about.”

As soon as this was brought up, many Demons were shocked to their senses. They finally remembered that Yang Kai had mentioned that he was looking for a way out of this world on Yin Wind Mountain.

Apparently, it finally clicked for them. The Demon Race members finally weren’t scared; however, Demon Fury City had suffered a heavy loss this time. Even though not many clansmen had died, the ones who had were basically all Demon Kings, and one of them was the strongest Master of the city, while another of the strongest ten had also fallen. If this news ever reached Human Imperial City, the Human Race would not sit still.

For a while, many Demon Race members were overwhelmed with worries.

A thousand metres up Yin Wind Mountain, Yang Kai and others finally stopped with solemn expressions on their faces.

Before this, they were flying in the Flowing Clouds Shuttle all the way, but after ascending just one thousand metres, they were unable to move forward. They had no choice but to get out of the Flowing Clouds Shuttle and face the Yin Wind blowing from the top of the mountain.

Yang Kai took the lead and Zhu Qing was in the middle, holding the black puppy in her arms, Li Jiao brought up the rear.

After travelling a thousand metres more, Yang Kai actually felt that he could no longer advance a single step.

Yin Wind Mountain lived up to its name. The ancient books in Human Imperial City only described a fraction of how terrifying this place was. Yang Kai had tried to overestimate the dangers of Yin Wind Mountains as much as possible, but he had never expected that he had still underestimated them.

There were no other obstacles on Yin Wind Mountain, only the uninterrupted biting-cold Demon Qi blowing from the top of the mountain. This frigid Demon Qi was not only the biting chill that could extinguish every bit of vitality found only in the Frozen Earth, but also the fearsome Demon Qi of the Demon Realm blended together. Surprisingly, the two complemented each other, multiplying their power.

Even with his robust cultivation and strong physique, Yang Kai was finding it harder to resist the ravages of the Cold Demon Qi. He was expending his Emperor Qi like the water discharged from a sluice gate and already felt somewhat exhausted after advancing a thousand metres.

Yang Kai looked up, but he saw nothing but a dense fog, so who knows where the top of the mountain was.

“Let me!” Zhu Qing proposed.

Yang Kai nodded in agreement and no longer forced himself, quickly retreating behind Zhu Qing and letting her take the lead. Meanwhile, he took the opportunity to stuff some pills into his mouth to recover. In such an environment, the person leading their way would always have to bear the most pressure, because most of the oncoming Cold Demon Qi would be resisted by the leader while those following behind would have to pay a lesser price to keep up.

Li Jiao, who was at the rear, was completely pale and was giving Yang Kai a fawning smile and flattering look.

He was undoubtedly the weakest when it came to resisting the Cold Demon Qi. Even though Yang Kai’s cultivation wasn’t as good as his, Yang Kai was blessed with a strong Dragon Clan bloodline and also had pure Ancient Demon Qi sealed inside his body, giving him a natural advantage against the Cold Demon Qi. The same was true for Zhu Qing. Even if her Ninth-Order Red Dragon strength was excluded, the Dragon Clan had inherent resistance against various corrosive energies, which was directly proportional to their bloodline.

Therefore, if Li Jiao wanted to leave this world through Yin Wind Mountain, he had to rely on Yang Kai and Zhu Qing. He was afraid that he would be left behind now and felt uneasy deep in his heart.

Yang Kai didn’t bother to pay attention to him though and simply circulated his Secret Art to refine the medicinal efficacies of the Spirit Pills he took while silently observing the changes of the Cold Demon Qi for untimely and unexpected accidents.

“Hm…” Zhu Qing suddenly exclaimed as if she had discovered something extremely surprising.

Yang Kai anxiously asked, “What is it?”

“Ah Wang, she…”

Yang Kai hurriedly took a closer look and immediately he too looked surprised. He saw that the black puppy in Zhu Qing’s arm actually had his mouth wide open, facing the oncoming Demon Qi. It was devouring a large amount of Cold Demon Qi into its abdomen, making it easier for everyone.

It seemed to have sensed Yang Kai and Zhu Qing’s gaze. Surprisingly, she shook her head and proudly barked before opening its mouth wider. Immediately, the oncoming Cold Demon Qi grew even weaker. Zhu Qing, who was walking at the front, almost couldn’t feel the interference of the Demon Qi and suddenly, everyone’s speed increased.

“This beast is really amazing!” Li Jiao hurriedly started licking boots with a flattering look on his face, “I wonder where Palace Master Yang found this Divine Beast. It’s really a blessing.”

Yang Kai suddenly looked back, glancing at him, “I guess Brother Li has a lot of energy. Since you have the energy to talk, you might as well take the lead later.”

“Of course, of course.” Li Jiao obsequiously agreed, but he couldn’t wait to slap his mouth.

The mystical performance of the black puppy allowed the trio to speed up. In just the short time it took to burn a stick of incense, they had traversed more than a thousand more metres, and it wasn’t taxing at all.

The black puppy had a special taste for Demon Qi and the Demon Race, so while the Cold Demon Qi on Yin Wind Mountain was a little different, it was fundamentally similar, so the black puppy enjoyed it nonetheless.

If this continued, they might really reach the top without any difficulty.

After a thousand metres, Zhu Qing, who had been silently observing the situation of the black puppy, suddenly said, “Yang Kai, I think Ah Wang can’t continue anymore.”

Yang Kai looked at the black puppy and noticed that something was indeed wrong with Ah Wang. It didn’t appear to be having it easy like before. On the contrary, it appeared to be having a very difficult time. Its big mouth was slowly growing smaller and smaller and it would return to its original state at any moment. Also, a layer of visible frost had actually appeared on its pitch-black body as it curled up in Zhu Qing’s arm, shivering.

Any part of Zhu Qing’s body that came in contact with it also got covered in frost, and although the layer of frost was thin, it was exuding an unimaginable cold aura that seemed to freeze all existence.

Suddenly, the black puppy had reached its limit and its big mouth instantly returned to its original state.

With nothing to obstruct it now, the overwhelming Cold Demon Qi swept over everyone from top to bottom.

Zhu Qing immediately screamed the moment she came in contact with it and unleashed the might of her Dragon Source, summoning an enormous Red Dragon’s illusory phantom to wrap around Yang Kai and her.

*Kacha…*

Shockingly, the Red Dragon’s illusory phantom lasted only for a few moments before fissures began to appear on it, like cracks on a mirror on the verge of shattering.

“Not good, quickly retreat!” Yang Kai’s pupils constricted as he shouted. At the same time, he grabbed Zhu Qing by her waist and promptly kicked the ground, hurriedly falling back. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Li Jiao’s reaction was incomparably prompt as well. Seeing Yang Kai being so panic-stricken, he immediately knew that they were in mortal danger, and knowing he couldn’t resist the Cold Demon Qi, he hurriedly turned tail and ran.

Descending the mountain was much easier than going up. The three toiled very hard to traverse just a few thousand metres, but they retreated the same distance in the blink of an eye.

Going down, they ran into Zhu Lie, who was steadfastly climbing up the mountain, indomitably resisting the Cold Demon Qi. When they passed him by, they left him dumbfounded.

In a flash, they were at the bottom of Yin Wind Mountain.

The trio looked up with fear still lingering on their faces. Regardless of who it was, a layer of Cold Qi could be found on their body. This Cold Qi was as persistent as maggots on rotting bones, impossible to remove easily. The coldness seeping into their bodies made it harder for them to circulate their energy, causing them to turn stiff.

The black puppy’s situation was especially precarious. It was curled up in Zhu Qing’s arms, motionless. Its entire body was frozen inside a block of ice and no matter how much Zhu Qing called it, it gave no response, as if it was already dead.

“Don’t worry about it. It has a very tenacious life. It won’t die that easily,” Yang Kai comforted Zhu Qing, but he too wasn’t confident.

However, last time, when the black puppy was attacked by ten Emperor Realm Masters, it was on the verge of death as well, but in the end, it made it through. This time, although the situation didn’t look optimistic, it was at least better than last time.

Zhu Qing nodded before silently sitting down cross-legged, tightly hugging the black puppy in her arms, not letting go. At the same time, she circulated her Dragon Essence to eliminate the Cold Demon Qi in her body while also warming up the black puppy, hoping for a miracle.

Li Jiao did the same. Shivering, he sat down cross-legged and circulated his Secret Art.

The invasion of the Cold Qi just now almost made him see the doors of Hell. Even now, he was still terrified when he recalled it.

At this moment, Zhu Lie returned as well. He glanced at the trio and slightly furrowed his brow at their condition before silently standing at the side.

He still couldn’t fathom how Yang Kai and the others could climb farther than him. The cold winds blowing on Yin Wind Mountain were simply not on the same level as what they faced in the Frozen Earth; the two were worlds apart.

To be honest, the cold on Yin Wind Mountain really lived up to the prestige of the Frozen Earth Forbidden Zone.

Even he, an Eighth-Order Dragon, had quickly reached his limit. If he went any further, he reckoned that he would have suffered the same fate as his companions.

Yang Kai glanced at him and forced a smile before he shiveringly sat down cross-legged to adjust his breathing.

With Zhu Lie standing guard, he didn’t need to worry about anything. Although he had some differences with his little brother-in-law, in the end, as a member of the Dragon Clan, this silly brat still could be trusted somewhat.