Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2996, Old but Still Going Strong

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The two of them had just left the restaurant when a strange figure appeared at the entrance of the restaurant. He appeared out of thin air, as if he had been standing there all this while. It was strange, but the people passing by seemed to be completely unaware of his presence.

That person was brawny with a dignified air about him. He was wearing a soap-coloured robe and had a thick stubble on his chin. All in all, it gave him a bold and unconstrained look. He was staring in the direction in which the Flowing Clouds Shuttle was leaving with a distressed expression. The bulging veins on his forehead twitched wildly, causing his entire facial expression to look fierce and hideous.

A long while later, he flinched slightly, placed one hand over his chest, and sighed heavily. After that sigh, he suddenly disappeared again. That movement startled the people nearby as they rubbed at their eyes and wondered if they had seen it wrongly.

……

Wind and Cloud Pavilion was considered one of the top Sects in the Western Territory, its status was equivalent to that of Azure Sun Temple in the Southern Territory. Moreover, the Old Pavilion Master Hua Xing was a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master. He was the anchor of Wind and Cloud Pavilion, as well as an influential figure across the entire Western Territory.

It was a large and prosperous Sect with an inheritance passed down for more than ten thousand years. No matter where its disciples went in the Western Territory, everyone had to show them some level of respect. Therefore, the disciples of Wind and Cloud Pavilion were all quite proud of their background.

Even so, someone actually dared to humiliate such a powerful Sect.

One month ago, the Young Pavilion Master was killed in a city 300,000 kilometres away from Wind and Cloud Pavilion’s headquarters when he went out to play. As soon as news of his death came back, the entire Wind and Cloud Pavilion was shocked to its core, with the Old Pavilion Master even coughing up blood on the spot and fainting from rage.

It wasn’t that the Old Pavilion Master’s mental cultivation was weak; he was a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master after all. He had seen many great storms and survived them all. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn’t even frown if the sky came crashing down, unfortunately, this was not something he could bear. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Old Pavilion Master Hua Xing had focused on cultivating the Martial Dao when he was younger, putting all his efforts into strengthening himself as he travelled across the entire Star Boundary. During that period, he experienced many difficulties and challenges, survived countless life-and-death situations, and spent two thousand years to finally become a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master. One day though, he realized that his cultivation had reached a plateau he could no longer rise above. Thus, he returned to the Western Territory and inherited the position of Pavilion Master of Wind and Cloud Pavilion.

Since his own Martial Dao journey had come to an end, he stopped thinking about it and began to pin his hopes on the next generation, hoping that he could produce a child that had greater aptitude than himself; a child that could aspire to become an existence akin to a Great Emperor one day.

He knew better than anyone else that although a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master seemed to be a ruler amongst men, it was no different from an ant in front of a Great Emperor. If any Great Emperors wanted to, they could destroy the long-standing legacy of the Wind and Cloud Pavilion with ease.

After returning to Wind and Cloud Pavilion, Hua Xing had developed the Sect while taking in many wives and concubines. In the short span of ten years, he had a thousand great beauties in his harem.

As if the Heavens were mocking him though, Hua Xing was struck with a terrible shortcoming. The higher one’s cultivation was, the lower the probability of siring a child, and Hua Xing had practised abstinence and stayed away from women for all his life, thinking them a distraction from his journey on the Martial Dao. It wasn’t until he became a Third-Order Emperor that he started to sow his seeds in an effort to sire a child. Unfortunately, none of the seeds he sowed showed any signs of germinating.

It wasn’t until thirty years later that a concubine gave birth to a baby boy. It was as if Hua Xing had received the most precious treasure, and therefore, he painstakingly began to nurture his son’s cultivation.

In the beginning, he had hoped that his son could grow up to become his hope; however, he soon discovered that his son’s aptitude was far worse than his own. Despite being backed by the entire Wind and Cloud Pavilion and personally taught by Hua Xing, the child’s journey in cultivation was full of challenges. With such poor aptitude, it would be a miracle for his child to even reach the Emperor Realm, much less aspire to become a Great Emperor.

Upon realizing this, Hua Xing immediately changed his plans. He decided not to place his hope on that child and instead focus on the following generation. He waited until his son came of age, then he immediately brought in many beautiful wives and concubines for him while also greatly encouraging him to fool around outside.

The Young Pavilion Master was not suitable for cultivation in the first place. Moreover, the heavy pressure the Old Pavilion Master had placed on him as a child made him instinctively reject cultivation. Combining that with his lack of aptitude, his cultivation was entirely built on a shaky foundation of treasures and external aids. On top of that, he no longer feared anything after receiving the Old Pavilion Master’s permission and even encouragement to do as he pleased.

The Young Pavilion Master generally spent most of his time fooling around with women, but as he gradually grew sick and tired of his wives and concubines, he decided to go out and have fun with those who weren’t so submissive to him.

The Old Pavilion Master did not object to this at all, even sending a Second-Order Emperor Realm Master along as a bodyguard for his son.

Unexpectedly, the Young Pavilion Master had gotten into trouble the very first time he went outside. If trouble was all that it amounted to, it wouldn’t have mattered. In any case, the Old Pavilion Master didn’t love his son at all, so as long as his son had left behind an heir, it wouldn’t even have mattered if his son had died. However, the key point was that his son had not left a single descendent behind! That was tantamount to ending the entire lineage of the Hua Family!

That was something Hua Xing could never accept. On the one hand, he scolded his unfilial son for being blind despite having eyes and offending somebody who should never have been provoked. On the other hand, he deeply resented the person who killed the Young Pavilion Master and swore to rip their corpse into ten thousand pieces to vent the hatred in his heart!

Hence, Hua Xing immediately issued a bounty of 20 million Source Crystals for the culprit’s head, an amount tempting enough for many Masters to join in the hunt. Unfortunately, the news that came from the outside frightened Hua Xing greatly. The young woman that had killed his son turned out to be ridiculously powerful. Recently, many Masters eyeing the reward had died at her hands. Moreover, judging by the direction the news came from, it seemed that the woman was actually heading towards Wind and Cloud Pavilion.

Hua Xing was furious! If that woman really killed her way to Wind and Cloud Pavilion, his Sect would lose all face. For that reason, he raised the reward to attract more helping hands while dispatching all the Masters of the Sect out to kill her. Nevertheless, the results so far had not been satisfactory. Not only were the Masters attracted by the reward unsuccessful, even Wind and Cloud Pavilion lost several Emperor Realm Masters in quick succession.

Moreover, the latest news reported that the woman had picked up a companion from somewhere and the two of them were travelling together, leaving a path of destruction in their wake, seemingly completely unstoppable.

Inside the Rear Palace of Wind and Cloud Pavilion, a pink aura seeped across a large hall. Numerous beautiful and captivating bodies were spread across the palace, their gazes dazed as they panted breathlessly. The soft moans that rang out constantly made anyone listening blush furiously and cause their throats to go dry.

The Old Pavilion Master was not young, but he was still going strong. At this moment, he was sweating profusely as he sowed his seed in one of his concubines. Every time he thrust forward, he made the woman pressed under him scream. However, it was not clear whether those screams were of pleasure or pain.

Several other naked beauties were tangled like snakes next to him, leaking soft moans from their lips as they constantly begged for more. The entire Rear Palace drowned in passion was a complete mess, the air thick with the scent of lovemaking.

Only the Heavens knew how much time went by before all the women were lying on the ground and gasping feebly while Hua Xing let out a deep roar and released his seed.

*Dong Dong Dong…*

All of a sudden, a knock sounded from the outside and Hua Xing swept his gaze over his surroundings without the slightest pity in his expression before letting out a soft snort. Then, he headed towards the outside just like that.

Upon opening the door, he was greeted by a beautiful woman standing outside the door. She had her eyes lowered obediently, but her expression looked a little flustered.

“What is it?” He glanced at her coldly as he had an ominous premonition.

The beautiful woman tremblingly replied, “Pavilion Master, that unscrupulous pair have made their way to Great Cloud City.”

Hua Xing’s eyes flashed sharply when he heard those words. Gritting his teeth, he snarled, “As I expected, they are heading this way. They are looking down on me too much. These youngsters are simply going too far!”

The imposing aura of a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master surged from him. In response, the beautiful woman suddenly felt strength leaving her body and she fell to her knees.

Glancing at her, Hua Xing reached out his hand and held her head.

She immediately paled and spoke in a trembling voice, “Pavilion Master…”

Hua Xing coldly replied, “What are you afraid of? I’m not going to kill you.” After saying that, he exerted some strength in his hand and guided her towards his lower body.

She felt relieved knowing that her life was not in danger and hurriedly opened her small mouth to clean up the mess before her. From her posture and proficiency, it could be seen that it was not the first time she was doing this.

Hua Xing narrowed his eyes slightly as the cold expression on his face grew even colder. Although he did not know where this man and woman came from, they seemed to be quite extraordinary judging by the information he received recently. These two First-Order Emperors had killed many Second-Order Emperor Realm Masters along their way here. That was not something ordinary people could do.

Wind and Cloud Pavilion lost many men in its efforts to kill them a few days ago. Just those in the Emperor Realm alone that died in their hands were numerous, striking fear into the entire Wind and Cloud Pavilion.

Even Hua Xing felt apprehensive. The more he learned about them, the more he felt that they came from extraordinary backgrounds. Even if he was a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master, there were still many people in this world that he could not afford to provoke. Forget about the Great Emperors that never revealed their presence, there were other existences out there that were stronger than him even among those in the Third-Order Emperor Realm. If he really offended one of those existences, then Wind and Cloud Pavilion would have a rough time surviving in the future.

[But, how can I not avenge the death of my son? Maybe… I should let that person test out the waters first.] It would be great if he could figure out the origins of those two. In any case, that person should be enough to capture them, even if the attempt to learn more about them failed. More importantly, if that person took action, the one to offend the other party would not be him. Not to mention, that person was also much stronger than he was.

Coincidentally, that person visited Wind and Cloud Pavilion recently and was staying here as a guest. [It’s as if he is a helper sent by the Heavens. I’d be stupid not to use him!]