Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3027, Fu Clan of the Dragon Clan

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There were only slightly more than 20 people inside the teahouse, so after Yuan Wu picked them all out, he flew out and busied himself with the rest of his tasks in Half-Dragon City.

Fu Qi was watching him, so he didn’t dare to slack off. For that reason, he tried his best to round up the required manpower, not even spending any time picking a quarrel with Li Jiao anymore.

“What should we do, Palace Master Yang?” Li Jiao secretly sent a Divine Sense transmission to Yang Kai. He did not want to go to Dragon Palace as although he had never been there before, he was instinctively afraid of that place. At this point, he could only rely on Yang Kai to decide.

Yang Kai glanced at him calmly and replied, “Let’s go with the flow for now.”

He came to Dragon Island to look for Zhu Qing. Unfortunately, he had neither seen hide nor hair of her anywhere. He did not know where to find her, so Fu Qi’s appearance was an opportunity. Zhu Qing was probably inside Dragon Palace. For that reason, there was nothing he wished for more than to sneak into Dragon Palace with Fu Qi; it was exactly what he wanted. Therefore, he did not put up much resistance against it. As for what to do once they entered Dragon Palace, if it was a choice between a direct showdown or going with the flow, then he could only choose to go with the flow for now.

Li Jiao wasn’t in a position to refute, especially since Yang Kai had already said so. Nodding lightly in acknowledgement, he turned to look at Lu San Niang and her daughter, “Follow me. I will not allow you to be harmed.”

Lu San Niang had turned pale after being selected by Yuan Wu. Dragon Palace was a land of nightmares to her. She had lived there for 200 to 300 years, wishing every day she could escape. Although she was later kicked out by the Dragon Clan and was humiliated as a result, she finally got what she wished for.

She never imagined that she would have to return to Dragon Palace again after some ten or so years had passed. The thought filled her with terror and unease. Her grip on her daughter tightened considerably. Lu Yu Qin could sense the changes in her mother’s mental state; thus, she snuggled against her mother without saying anything.

It didn’t take long for all the preparations to be completed. The number of Dragonborn who gathered here far exceeded two hundred people, but Yuan Wu was clearly very experienced in this. He chose 200 Dragonborn with relatively good cultivation and health before dismissing the rest.

Those Dragonborn that had been dismissed noticeably let out a sigh of relief. On the other hand, the remaining Dragonborn all had sorrowful expressions as if they had been recently bereaved.

The 500 ordinary people were also gathered in the same place.

Only when everything was in place did Yuan Wu fly towards Fu Qi. Standing at a respectful distance, he cupped his fists and smiled, “Sir, everything is ready.”

“This matter cannot be delayed. Follow me.” After saying that, Fu Qi led the way.

Yuan Wu turned around and yelled, “All of you, keep up with the group! You will not be forgiven if you delay Senior Fu Qi’s affairs!

He did not know why Fu Qi wanted these 500 ordinary people either; even so, the Dragon Clan’s business was always top priority on Dragon Island. He could not handle these matters carelessly.

When the crowd heard those words, their expressions turned serious as they chased after Fu Qi. In an instant, seven hundred figures rose into the sky. There were many Emperor Realm Masters among them, a magnificent sight to see.

Lu San Niang was in the First-Order Emperor Realm, but Lu Yu Qin was only in the Saint King Realm; hence, it was only to be expected that Lu Yu Qin couldn’t keep up with the speed of the group with her meagre cultivation. They were fortunate to have Li Jiao assisting them, so they did not get left behind.

Li Jiao’s current perception of the mother-and-daughter pair was extremely complicated. More so when it came to Lu Yu Qin. She was the child between Lu San Niang and a member of the Dragon Clan, so no matter how innocent and cute she was, it was hard for him to have a favourable opinion of her. The resentment he held extended toward Lu San Niang as he felt as if he had suffered the world’s greatest humiliation for no reason.

At the same time, he also understood that Lu San Niang was not to blame for this incident. Back then, she simply missed him and secretly snuck out of Dream Gate to visit him at Fire Dragon Palace. Who would have thought that she would be kidnapped by a member of the Dragon Clan halfway through her journey and brought back to Dragon Island?

No one could have predicted this and she never chose for it to happen either. Furthermore, it was easy to tell from the way she didn’t dare to acknowledge him when they ran into each other again due to the guilt she felt towards him. Therefore, his emotions felt extremely complicated. It felt like a mountain was pressing down on his chest, making it difficult for him to breathe.

Lu San Niang understood why he was feeling down, so she followed him silently throughout the entire journey, not speaking a single word so as not to annoy him.

The group of seven hundred was completely silent and filled with feelings of unease. The Dragonborn knew what they were expected to do on this trip, but the 500 ordinary people were extremely anxious. There had never been a precedent where Dragon Palace gathered ordinary people before. Moreover, this situation came about far too suddenly. For that reason, some of the people who were on better terms with Yuan Wu approached him to inquire about the matter.

It was a pity, but what could Yuan Wu tell them? He was simply following Fu Qi’s orders to gather ordinary people and had no clue as to what was going to happen next. Nevertheless, he responded to their inquiries vaguely and put up a difficult-to-read demeanour in front of them. His attitude left them feeling annoyed, but they were helpless against him.

During the journey, Yang Kai found an opportunity and secretly handed several bottles of Spirit Pills to Li Jiao. Li Jiao was inevitably going to have to use his blood to nurture Dragon Blood Flowers which might affect his strength if he went unprepared. At the very least, he should be able to overcome this crisis with the help of those Spirit Pills.

Knowing that what Yang Kai was giving him were quality goods, Li Jiao did not refuse. He simply accepted them quietly and secretly felt grateful towards Yang Kai.

After the group left Half-Dragon City and flew for half a day, they felt a hot and humid sea breeze blowing against their faces and the sound of waves crashing against the reefs entered their ears.

Yang Kai looked up and saw an endless sea stretching out in front of him. It went as far as he could see, seemingly stretching out infinitely into the distance.

The fact that there was a sea in this Small World was beyond his expectations. It would seem that the scale of this Small World was much larger than that of the Revolving World. Additionally, the World Energy coming from the sea was incredibly rich. The closer they got to the sea, the more obvious this became.

Another half-day later, a small island suddenly appeared in front of them when evening rolled around. Yang Kai and Li Jiao looked at each other and they both saw the surprise in each other’s eyes.

Lu San Niang promptly explained, “That’s Dragon Palace.”

“It’s located on that island?” Yang Kai asked.

She shook her head in response. Glancing at Li Jiao with her beautiful eyes, she sighed when she saw that he wasn’t paying attention to her and replied to Yang Kai’s question with a sad expression, “No. Dragon Palace is composed of many islands, that is just the entryway to Dragon Palace. The name ‘Dragon Palace’ is a collective term. Each Dragon Clan member has their own Spirit Island. They don’t live together.”

Yang Kai nodded lightly. He understood in his heart that powerful Divine Spirits such as Dragons would not be used to living communally. Each and every one of them was very powerful; therefore, the amount of World Energy they needed for cultivation was incredibly large. It was only natural that they would not live together in one place. If they really did that, it would not be beneficial for their growth.

Even in a big Sect like Azure Sun Temple, each Elder had their own Spirit Peak. What’s more, this was the Dragon Clan, so these Spirit Islands were equivalent to their dens.

Somebody seemed to be waiting for them at the entrance to Dragon Palace. When they got closer, they saw it was a woman, a young girl, to be precise. She seemed to be around 15 or 16 years old at a glance, not much older looking than Lu Yu Qin; however, her real age was far beyond that number. The Dragon Clan grew at an extremely slow pace. Oftentimes, it took several hundred years just for them to be considered true adults. Hence, her 15 or 16-year-old appearance was nothing more than her surface appearance. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

She was wearing a purple sleeveless dress that exposed her fair arms and had an ample bosom and beautiful looks. It was just that her brow was furrowed deeply in impatience. She had probably been waiting there for a long time now. As soon as she saw Fu Qi approaching, she yelled, “Why did you take so long?! I’ve been waiting here for half a day now!”

Fu Qi frowned and replied, “Travelling always takes some time.”

On the other hand, Yuan Wu stepped forward and bowed his head respectfully, “Greetings, Senior Fu Ling!”

[It’s the Fu Clan again?] Yang Kai’s expression changed as he studied the girl and secretly wrinkled his brow. His first impression of Fu Ling was not very good, but that couldn’t be helped as her expression gave off an insidious feeling.

From the way Yuan Wu was behaving, it was obvious that he had been in and out of Dragon Palace many times, even daring to speak first to Fu Ling… It could be seen that his arrogance within Half-Dragon City was not without reason.

Fu Ling offhandedly glanced at Yuan Wu and said contemptuously, “Oh, it’s you.”

Seeing that she remembered him, Yuan Wu felt excited and was about to say something, but she did not give him a chance to speak. Fu Ling waved her hand impatiently and continued, “Whatever. Since you’re here, come with me. The flowers are waiting for you.”

As soon as those words rang out, all the Dragonborn, including Yuan Wu, looked miserable. Even though they knew that it was inevitable, they still couldn’t help feeling apprehensive when the time came.

Fu Qi crossed his hands behind his back and snorted lightly, “Get going, you hybrids!”

‘Dragonborn’ was just the name the people in Half-Dragon City with the Dragon Clan’s bloodline called themselves. In front of the true Dragon Clan, these so-called ‘Dragonborn’ were nothing but hybrids, bastards with impure bloodlines. They were the despicable by-products of the Dragon Clan’s release of sexual desires and no Dragon Clan member cared about their lives or even remembered their faces, regardless of whether they had blood ties between them or not.

If not for that, Lu San Niang and her daughter would not have been kicked out of Dragon Palace; after all, Lu Yu Qin’s biological father was a Pureblood Dragon.

The two hundred Dragonborn were obviously accustomed to that title and no matter how high or low their cultivation, they did not dare to show any dissatisfaction towards it. Thus, they separated from the crowd and gathered towards Fu Ling.

Li Jiao suddenly became restless as he moved slowly while glancing towards Yang Kai. He never dreamt that he would be separated from Yang Kai the moment they stepped into Dragon Palace. His only hope in this place was Yang Kai, so what could he rely on if they were separated!?

Besides, he was more worried about Lu San Niang than his own situation. Despite the resentment he had towards her, it was a thing of the past. Moreover, the truth had become clear and, now, Li Jiao hated that Dragon Clan member that harmed her far more.

Yang Kai gave him a meaningful look, and he nodded imperceptibly in response. Li Jiao knew that there was no need to worry about the safety of Lu San Niang and her daughter as long as Yang Kai was watching over them.

Yuan Wu quickly asked, “Sirs, what about these ordinary people?”

“I have other uses for them,” Fu Qi answered, frowning.

The gears in Yuan Wu’s head spun quickly, and he immediately suggested, “Do you want me to stay behind to monitor them? As you know, these people… Heh heh… Some can be quite disobedient. Who knows? I might be of some use if I stay here with them.”