Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3031, Not A Soft Persimmon

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Combined with the friction between Yuan Wu and Yang Kai previously, the feelings of hatred surged up in the former and his expression darkened as he pointed at Yang Kai, “You there! Go and obtain more Ice Spirit Snow Jade! You need to obtain 500 kilograms of the Ice Spirit Snow Jade every single day! If you fail to do so, you will suffer the consequences!”

*Shua shua shua…*

Everybody suddenly turned to look at Yang Kai with eyes full of sympathy.

The small disagreement between Yang Kai and Yuan Wu had mostly gone unnoticed. All they knew was that this young man was acquainted with the Dragonborn that had beaten Yuan Wu up. Thus, he was most likely being targeted by Yuan Wu due to his association with Li Jiao. He was being unfairly victimized. If he had been sent on any other errand, it would not have mattered as much even though it would still be unfair, it wouldn’t be life-threatening. However, mining Ice Spirit Snow Jade was an extremely dangerous task.

Ice Spirit Snow Jade was formed in extremely cold areas and even an Emperor Realm Master would suffer if they stayed in such a place for too long. In the worst-case scenario, they may even freeze to death. Additionally, Ice Spirit Snow Jade was extremely tough, so mining 500 kilograms daily was an impossible task!

Yuan Wu was clearly up to no good and everybody understood that. Besides, he didn’t even try to hide it as he snickered and sneered to himself, [Cocky, weren’t you? Arrogant, weren’t you? How dare you look down on me!? How dare you oppose me!? Good, these are the consequences of your actions!]

He was still pining over Lu San Niang and her daughter as he believed that as long as he got Yang Kai out of the way, he could do whatever he wanted with them. If he thought about it that way, then the job he took on today wasn’t that bad after all. At the very least, he could order these 500 people here around as he pleased. His mood immediately lifted and his ego inflated. [For the next whole month starting from today onward, I am King here. Everybody has to obey me!]

As for whether or not Yang Kai could manage to mine 500 kilograms of Ice Spirit Snow Jade, that wasn’t for Yuan Wu to worry about. It would be great if Yang Kai succeeded, but if he failed… Then, he would have a great excuse to teach Yang Kai a lesson.

[I will let him know the consequences of defying me!]

He believed that it was impossible for Yang Kai to complete that task. Hence, he was already secretly plotting ways to torture and humiliate Yang Kai to soothe the hatred in his heart.

Everybody else could see what Yuan Wu was planning and couldn’t help feeling their heart pounding in trepidation as their expressions changed. They had been overwhelmed by the Dragon Clan’s massive splurging of wealth and the difficulty of building the palace. Nevertheless, hearing the task Yuan Wu handed out to Yang Kai finally made them aware of something else.

Mining Ice Spirit Snow Jade was no easy feat and nobody would be willing to do it since the slightest mistake could cost them their lives. Now that Yuan Wu was in charge, they had to foster a good relationship with Yuan Wu in order to escape from being tasked with such a dangerous duty; after all, it would take more than one person to mine the Ice Spirit Snow Jade. At least 20 or 30 people would be needed for this task. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

As that thought crossed their minds, somebody immediately piped up, “Brother Yuan, my cultivation technique is perfect for mining Green Gold Purple Copper, you should leave that to me!”

Although both were mining tasks, the dangers and difficulty between mining Green Gold Purple Copper and mining Ice Spirit Snow Jade were on completely different levels. Naturally, that person was rushing to take the easier job.

“That’s right. I believe I’m more suited to mining Green Gold Purple Copper too.”

“Heh heh… I think I’m more suited to mining the Heavenly Crystal Meteor Sand. Brother Yuan, what do you think…”

More than ten Emperor Realm Masters surrounded Yuan Wu, taking the initiative to volunteer for the mining duties. Their voices rang out, and it was extremely lively.

A smug look surfaced on Yuan Wu’s face as he felt that he was becoming more and more prescient for taking on such a pleasant task. The resentment from before had vanished without a trace. Although he was used to being arrogant and doing whatever he wanted in Half-Dragon City, he had never experienced the feeling of holding such authority in his hands before. Now that he finally satisfied that craving, he suddenly felt as though taking on this task was pretty worthwhile.

Even so, he ignored the requests of those people. [Those in power must have an air of authority around them. If I readily agree to anything they suggested to me, then how will I display my wit and brilliance? They are free to offer suggestions, but the final decision will lie in my hands! I will be the one to decide who mines the Ice Spirit Snow Jade, who mines the Green Gold Purple Copper, and who mines the Heavenly Crystal Meteor Sand.]

Therefore, he simply looked at Yang Kai coldly and lifted the corners of his mouth slightly as he scoffed, “Boy, I’m talking to you, are you deaf?”

Yang Kai gave a sidelong glance at Yuan Wu before retracting his gaze and looking out into the vast sea wondering which direction Zhu Qing was in. He had seen several Spirit Islands on the way here and Lu San Niang had mentioned that each Dragon Clan member lived separately. Zhu Qing surely had her own Spirit Island but unfortunately, he didn’t know which island that was. That was the first thing he needed to figure out.

“Impudence!” Yuan Wu was furious when he saw that Yang Kai was completely ignoring him. It was bad enough that Dragonborn was so rude to him, but at the very least his cultivation was stronger and his Dragon Vein was superior, but what thing was Yang Kai? How dare a mere First-Order Emperor Realm Human give him such an attitude! He needed to learn his place!

He was enjoying the exhilaration of his newfound authority, so how could he allow Yang Kai to ruin his prestige? Letting out a roar, he raised his hand and slammed a palm in Yang Kai’s direction. A gigantic green palmprint immediately appeared in the sky and smashed down.

Yuan Wu had not used his full strength in his attack. He did not want to kill Yang Kai after all. With the arduous task at hand, one less person would mean one less worker. The one-month deadline was already stressing him greatly. More importantly, he did not want Yang Kai to die so easily. He had transferred the hatred of being humiliated by Li Jiao to Yang Kai, so how could he let Yang Kai off easily before cruelly torturing and humiliating him?

He could never win against Li Jiao as neither his cultivation nor his Dragon Vein was a match; thus, he could only go for his next best option.

[Didn’t you have a good relationship with that Dragonborn? Didn’t you want to protect that mother-daughter pair? Let’s see if you have the ability to do so!]

For that reason, Yuan Wu only used half his strength in that attack. Still, that was enough. He was a Dragonborn and a Second-Order Emperor while Yang Kai was only a Human First-Order Emperor. Half of Yuan Wu’s full strength was more than what the other party could take. This attack of his would surely cause Yang Kai to suffer from some broken bones, at the very least.

“Watch out!” Lu San Niang shouted as her beautiful face went pale. Ever since she came to this island, her mental state had been rather out of sorts. She had been extremely nervous and her complexion was as white as a sheet. She had not even noticed the conflict between Yang Kai and Yuan Wu until Yuan Wu made his move, prompting her to suddenly call out to Yang Kai.

While speaking, she moved her body and circulated her Emperor Qi. She was clearly trying to take the attack on Yang Kai’s behalf. She might be no match for Yuan Wu alone, but if she worked together with Yang Kai, they might be able to deal with him; therefore, she needed to intercept this attack. In the worst case, she just had to apologize to Yuan Wu and beg for him to overlook the matter.

Her thinking was na?ve and simple, but contrary to her expectations, Yang Kai swiftly grabbed onto her shoulder. She didn’t even feel him using any strength at all, but her Emperor Qi was instantly suppressed. She couldn’t even move a muscle, causing her eyes to widen in shock. She could not comprehend what had just happened.

The Masters surrounding them slowly shook their heads, thinking to themselves that Yang Kai was in deep trouble now. [This guy is pretty unlucky. It’s all because he is friends with that Dragonborn that Yuan Wu is displeased with him. It’s a pity but he will not have an easy time here because of that.]

They were unrelated to Yang Kai, and had never even met him before; hence, nobody stepped up to help him even though some people pitied him. They could tell that Yuan Wu was the person they needed to ingratiate themselves with at the moment so there was no way they would be willing to offend him for a complete stranger.

Almost everybody expected to see Yang Kai in a miserable state. Thus, they vowed to themselves to never offend Yuan Wu. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to leave this place alive one month later.

As sparks flew and tension soared, that gigantic green palmprint came smashing down on Yang Kai’s head; however, Yang Kai didn’t make any move at all. In fact, even the expression on his face did not change. It was as though he was so terrified that he had frozen in place.

It wasn’t until the palmprint was about to touch him that he gently lifted his hand. Emperor Qi concentrated on the palm of his hand and a mysterious Principle Strength surged. Raising his hand slightly, he pressed it against the gigantic green palmprint.

*Kacha…”

The sound of something cracking rang out as the gigantic green palmprint suddenly split apart and disappeared in a shower of light.

Yuan Wu was stunned. Lu San Niang was stunned. Everyone was stunned. Nobody knew how Yang Kai had caused that attack to disintegrate as it looked like he had merely lifted his hand gently and Yuan Wu’s unavoidable attack fell apart.

[Did that really just happen? Is this a joke? Did Yuan Wu underestimate his opponent too much?] That was what most people thought; after all, Yuan Wu’s strength was clear to see. Furthermore, Yang Kai was one Minor Realm below him, so even if the former didn’t use his full strength, it still wouldn’t be something Yang Kai could withstand. Thus, the only explanation was that Yuan Wu underestimated his enemy too much, causing his attack to be defeated.

However, there was a small portion of the people who narrowed their eyes slightly and looked at Yang Kai in amazement as an inconceivable notion flashed across their minds. They had not paid much attention to Yang Kai before now because there was nothing special about him. Things were different now though. That gentle movement he made just now was enough to make several Masters turn their attention on him.

[This young man was no soft persimmon! The reason this young man was able to disperse Yuan Wu’s attack wasn’t just that Yuan Wu had underestimated his enemy.]

On the other side, Yuan Wu was dumbfounded and his expression cramped up. He originally wanted to solidify his position with a demonstration of authority, but how could he have known that his attack would fail to establish his superiority here? Moreover, it even made him feel as if he had slapped himself in the face. Thus, he shouted furiously, “You court death!”

The flames of his rage burned in Yuan Wu’s heart as the Dragon Scales under his neck darkened in colour. A faint wave of Dragon Pressure swept out and the aura of a Second-Order Emperor Realm Master reached its peak.

Yang Kai’s resistance had undoubtedly enraged Yuan Wu. At first, all Yuan Wu wanted was to teach Yang Kai a lesson and make him realize his place so that he would become obedient in the future, but now, he planned to use his full strength to teach Yang Kai an unforgettable lesson.

[I’ll just beat him half to death for now!] Yuan Wu secretly decided in his heart, but before he could make his move, his vision blurred and a figure stood before him without warning. It made Yuan Wu jump in fright and when he refocused his gaze, he was startled to discover that Yang Kai, who had been standing some distance away from him, had appeared right in front of him somehow, no more than three steps away.

[What just happened?]