Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3034, Dumbstruck

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Lu San Niang thought about it and agreed that it made sense. It could not be compared to back then. During the years that she lived here, Humans and Monsters who were non-Dragonborn were not allowed to stray too far away from the island where they lived.

With the construction of the palace, Yang Kai had a reasonable explanation even if he ran into a member of the Dragon Clan. Even so, she was still worried, “But…”

Yang Kai lifted his hand to cut her off and said, “If you want to come with me we’ll leave right now.”

He had no plans to stay on this island. Now that nobody was paying attention to him, it was a good chance for him to go out and search for some news about Zhu Qing.

She could probably guess that he was determined about this; thus, she pondered over it for a short moment before saying, “We won’t be going with you. You’ll have to be careful.”

Although her cultivation was not that bad, Lu Yu Qin was too weak. They would only be a burden for him if they followed him. If that was the case, they might as well remain in this place. That way, it would be easier for him to escape if he ran into any trouble.

He frowned in response and looked in a certain direction, “But, Yuan Wu…”

If he left, it would be hard to prevent Yuan Wu from harassing the Lu mother-daughter pair. That was the only thing he was worried about. Since Li Jiao had entrusted them to him, he had to take good care of them. It was a little irresponsible of him to leave them be just like that. Although he could place Lu San Niang and her daughter in the Sealed World Bead, he was not willing to do so unless it was his last resort.

She smiled slightly, “Brother Yang, you don’t need to worry about us. I have lived here for hundreds of years, so if I really wanted to hide, he wouldn’t be able to find me.”

As soon as those words left her mouth, Yang Kai immediately understood that his previous guess had been correct. This Spirit Island really was the den of that Dragon Clan member that had caused her so much grief. If that was the case, then he had nothing to worry about anymore. Lifting his head, he looked to the other side of the island, “What is the name of the Master here?”

She was silent for a moment before she whispered, “Fu Chi…”

While speaking, she shuddered slightly. It was clear that the name itself had brought up memories of something.

“What order Dragon Vein does he have?”

“The Eighth-Order Dragon Vein… He is a Thunder Dragon…”

Yang Kai nodded in response, “I understand.”

An Eighth-Order Dragon Vein was not low, so this Fu Chi was probably ranked fairly highly on Dragon Island. Even Zhu Lie only had an Eighth-Order Dragon Vein. Similarly, it wasn’t that long ago when Zhu Qing had an Eighth-Order Dragon Vein herself. It was just that she now had a Ninth-Order Dragon Vein. She was only one step away from becoming a Great Elder of the Dragon Clan.

“If you want to leave, you can leave without worries, Brother Yang. You don’t need to concern yourself about me. I can take care of myself.”

Yang Kai nodded, “Then, you take care too. I’ll be back in a few days.” After saying that, he rose into the sky and flew off in a random direction.

His movements had not alerted many people. Yuan Wu and the rest were busy working on their tasks in the middle of the island so it was impossible for them to notice what was happening here.

At this time, the sky had brightened considerably. Yang Kai moved about like lightning, not knowing which direction to begin searching. Thus, he could only take things one step at a time. He silently and secretly spread out his Divine Sense, investigating the surrounding movements.

The Spirit Islands dotted the sea within Dragon Palace like the stars in the night sky. Each Spirit Island was rich in World Energy and had an excellent environment. Moreover, the islands were full of wonderful and strange plants, as well as precious treasures. Even though Yang Kai was used to seeing such riches, he was still awed by the sight. He had known that the Dragon Clan was rich, but ‘rich’ was a vague concept. It was very hard to imagine the extent of their wealth without seeing it with his own eyes.

Many of the Spirit Islands did not contain auras of any living creatures. In other words, the precious treasures on those islands were completely unguarded. If it weren’t for his attachment towards Zhu Qing, Yang Kai would have cleaned out all those Spirit Islands of the precious treasures they held. Unfortunately, searching for Zhu Qing was the priority, so even though he was amazed by those treasures, he was not in the mood to think about them.

In addition to the abundance of various exotic flora, there were countless rare mineral lodes, including Source Crystal Lodes that would make anybody envious. All of this was simply left out in the open, exposed to the world for all to see. Even so, nobody seemed to care.

At this point, the wealth of Dragon Island was not something the so-called top Sects in Star Boundary could compare to. Even Great Emperor Sects could not hold a candle to it. No wonder they could generously spend such a lavish amount to build a palace. There was probably nobody else across the entire Star Boundary, other than the Dragon Clan, that could pull off that kind of bold move.

During that time, Yang Kai explored Spirit Island after Spirit Island; however, his search was not fruitful to say the least. It wasn’t until half a day later that he sensed the aura of some living creatures on one of the Spirit Islands.

That was probably one of the places where a member of the Dragon Clan lived. Yang Kai did not know whether it belonged to a member of the Fu Clan or Zhu Clan, but the aura coming from the island wasn’t that powerful. Hence, Yang Kai snuck in to investigate.

The living creatures on the island were all women. They were charming, alluring, and beautiful. Furthermore, there were at least a hundred of them. Although all of them were gorgeous, their cultivations were rather uneven.

Yang Kai understood that these women had probably been imprisoned by one of the Dragon Clan members. Just like Lu San Niang, these women were under house arrest on this Spirit Island. They were the toys of a Dragon Clan member.

It might have been due to the jealousy and competition between them, but many of these women were dressed up extravagantly and seductively. Some of them even went so far as to wear only a thin layer of transparent tulle. Their snow-white skin that was boldly exposed in front of Yang Kai made him slightly dizzy.

On the other hand, the Dragon Clan member that owned this place was nowhere to be seen. Who knows where that person had gone? Even so, he knew that this was not the place where Zhu Qing lived. She was a female Dragon, so there was no reason for her to keep so many women. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Yang Kai finally had a real understanding of the Dragon Clan’s extravagance and lasciviousness. Therefore, he hurriedly retreated from the island and continued onward.

One day passed, then another… Yang Kai wandered Dragon Palace for several consecutive days. During that time, he never encountered a single member of the Dragon Clan. He also inspected many of the Spirit Islands but aside from one or two of them that exuded auras so powerful that even he felt a little afraid, he had sneakily entered all others that were suspicious to investigate.

There was no sign of Zhu Qing anywhere though, and there was no sign of Zhu Lie either. Yang Kai did not know where the siblings lived so it made his search incredibly frustrating.

One day, another island appeared before him. Shifting his body slightly, Yang Kai flew in that direction as he could sense the aura of living creatures coming from that place.

Most of the islands in Dragon Palace were uninhabited. It was rare for him to come across an island with living creatures on it; therefore, Yang Kai could not pass up on an island like that. Concealing his aura as much as possible, he rushed towards the island.

Over the past few days, he discovered that the places where the Dragon Clan members lived were not very strictly guarded. They did not even have a single barrier erected around their islands, so it was not difficult to sneak in. All he needed to do was be careful to conceal himself and he would not be discovered.

Such behaviour had a lot to do with the Dragon Clan’s arrogance. Besides, this was Dragon Palace. Who would dare to run about without permission? Those who dared to do so were simply seeking death. Hence, it was very easy for Yang Kai to infiltrate the island and it didn’t take long for him to arrive at a palace.

This palace seemed to be rather old, but the interior decorations were extremely luxurious. Everything was giving off an ancient aura and there was the occasional person coming and going from the palace, though their cultivations were not that high.

What Yang Kai found strange was that all the people here were men. Moreover, they were handsome men. Not a single woman could be seen. Thus, he couldn’t help feeling a little suspicious. All the islands he had investigated before were mainly occupied by women. [Why is the situation reversed on this Spirit Island?]

The more the doubts grew in his mind, the more he wanted to figure it out. He carefully avoided those people and continued inward, and when he reached a certain place, a mellow voice suddenly entered his ears, turning his expression weird.

After listening carefully, Yang Kai distinguished the direction the sound was coming from and arrived outside a hall. Several dozen bodies were entangled together inside the hall. Additionally, it was overflowing with a strong scent of debauchery. The scent was so strong that it even wafted outside of the hall.

In the meantime, moaning cries rang out incessantly from inside the hall. Listening to those cries would make anyone blush furiously. They felt like little hands pulling at one’s heartstrings, making one’s blood rush and arousing one’s desires until they couldn’t control themselves. The sounds were intermixed with muffled groans and the urgent slapping sound of flesh against flesh.

Yang Kai had seen many similar scenes over the past two days. Life on most of the Spirit Islands where the Dragon Clan lived seemed to be overflowing with acts of carnal desires. If that was all, he would not have been this dumbstruck. What shocked him was that the hall was mostly filled with men. Moreover, there was a single woman among all these men!

That woman had her back to him. Her smooth and extremely alluring figure was beautifully curved, exuding a porcelain-like lustre. It might have been due to her arousal but her pale white skin seemed to be tinged with a faint shade of pink. It made one fantasize about it strongly. Behind her, a strong man was working hard to thrust into her. Meanwhile, two men were kneeling next to each other in front of her. They seemed to be sucking something. Similarly, there were two men on both sides of her, each holding one of her small hands to their mouths, sucking on her fingers, one by one. There was a faint expression on their faces that indicated their desire for her approval as they stared unblinkingly at her face.

There were many other naked men sprawled across the hall, looking extremely weak. They looked like they were half-dead. Who knows what kind of torture they suffered. These men were Humans, Monster Race, and even some Half-Monsters. However, the aura coming from that woman was that of a Pureblood Dragon.

[This woman is a member of the Dragon Clan!] Yang Kai was shocked and could not believe his eyes. The Dragon Clan lived a hedonistic life, something Yang Kai had truly understood over the past few days. Even so, such debauchery had mainly involved only the male Dragons. It was his first time seeing a female Dragon participating in such acts.

Even though Yang Kai had seen many things in his life, the scene in front of him was so impactful that he was completely dumbstruck and froze in place from the shock.

All of a sudden, the woman waved her hand and pushed away the faces of the men gathered around her. Then, she shoved the strong man who had been standing behind her down, turned around, and knelt on top of him. In the next moment, her exquisite and graceful body began moving up and down. Her head was lifted slightly and her beautiful hair danced with the motion as her ample peaks bounced in rhythm with her movements. A short while later, a suppressed moan rang out and the woman shuddered violently while at the same time, her tightly closed eyes opened slightly to reveal a look of ecstasy.