Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3048, Fifty Metre Dragon Form

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In fact, Dragon Blood Flowers were graded into Low-Rank, Mid-Rank and High-Rank. The highest rank for Dragon Blood Flowers was Peak-Rank; however, Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers were rarely found even on Dragon Island, as medicinal age wasn’t a determining factor in nurturing them; some natural factors were involved as well.

As for the three Dragon Blood Flowers taken from Fu Ling, two were Low-Rank while the other one was Mid-Rank. Based on this grading system, Li Jiao’s Dragon Blood Flower was just a flawed product, which couldn’t even be regarded as Low-Rank.

Some time ago, that Dragon Blood Flower was refined into Dragon Blood Pills by Ji Ying, and after taking that pill, Yang Kai was able to enhance his Half-Dragon Form with the help of Dragon Transformation Secret Art, which proved to be beneficial for him.

Having obtained three higher grade Dragon Blood Flowers, naturally, Yang Kai wouldn’t want to waste them. He decided to refine them into Dragon Blood Pills to stimulate his Golden Divine Dragon Source so that he could further integrate it into his body.

To deal with the Dragon Clan, the best way for him was to utilize bloodline suppression. Unfortunately, given his current level of strength, he wouldn’t stand any chance of success.

Although he had never made Dragon Blood Pills before, he was familiar with the production process through his contact with Ji Ying. Also, he could remember the pill recipe.

Given his mastery in the Alchemic Dao, there shouldn’t be any problems with this attempt. When everything was ready, Yang Kai started forming seals, upon which a fire was kindled inside the Black Jade Furnace.

After dropping the herbs and portraying the Spirit Arrays, Yang Kai began monitoring the heat, and moments later, the medicinal liquid was extracted. A mild scent started wafting from the Black Jade Furnace, which contained some soothing qualities for anyone who took a whiff.

With his increased strength, Yang Kai was able to perform Alchemy with greater ease than before. Although he hadn’t done this for a long time, his movement was smooth and not rusty at all. In the past, when he triggered the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone on Water Moon Star, Yang Kai was lucky enough to be taught Alchemy directly by the Heavenly Way. After that point, Alchemy became far more natural to him.

After Yang Kai dropped one Low-Rank Dragon Blood Flower into the Alchemy Furnace, the medicinal fragrance grew thicker. With a serious expression, Yang Kai was meticulous in every step he took, as though he was doing the most solemn thing in the world rather than simply performing Alchemy.

Half a day later, Yang Kai used his Nine Heavens Profound Pill Method. This Pill Condensing Method was taught to him during the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone as well. It was an individual technique, but it also harmonized perfectly with the Heavenly Way and Alchemic Dao, making it incredibly efficient and abstruse.

Just then, innumerable images flashed in his mind as a melodious and continuous clunking sound was heard from the Alchemy Furnace. After the fire went out, Yang Kai’s expression appeared as calm as a still lake.

After taking off the lid, he tapped the furnace with his other hand, upon which two red Spirit Pills flew out of the Alchemy Furnace. Already prepared for it, Yang Kai directly stored them in a jade bottle. Upon closer look, he still wasn’t satisfied with his work.

Although the Dragon Blood Pills had been produced successfully, the quality was rather poor, only slightly better than those made by Ji Ying previously.

The Dragon Blood Flowers he used this time were far better than those used by Ji Ying, but the quality of the pills still couldn’t meet Yang Kai’s expectations. Taking that into consideration, his pills were actually worse than those made by Ji Ying.

The quantity wasn’t ideal either, as he had only gotten two pills, not to mention that things like Pill Veins and Pill Clouds were nowhere in sight. With that said, any Emperor Grade Alchemists would have been over the moon if they could make such pills.

Although Emperor Grade Alchemists were able to produce Emperor Grade Spirit Pills, the success rate wasn’t 100 percent, not to mention when making pills like Dragon Blood Pills. Even compared to other Emperor Grade Pills, Dragon Blood Pills were one of the hardest to refine.

It couldn’t be helped, as the main ingredients for making the pills were Dragon Blood Flowers. Besides Ji Ying, no other living Emperor Grade Alchemists had had the privilege of refining this Spirit Pill.

It was Yang Kai’s first time refining Dragon Blood Flowers, but he had managed to produce two pills. This kind of result was extraordinary for any Emperor Grade Alchemist, so it was worth celebrating.

However, Yang Kai wasn’t happy with it because these Dragon Blood Pills were needed to help him save Zhu Qing one month later, so certainly, he hoped that the quality could have been better, and the quantity could have been greater.

After composing himself, Yang Kai didn’t rush to kindle a fire in the furnace again. Instead, he took out some Spirit Pills and gulped them down to restore himself. One hour later, he began again. This time, he also used a Low-Rank Dragon Blood Flower.

Half a day later, when he heard the clunking sound again, he arched an eyebrow and clapped the Alchemy Furnace. Although he hadn’t tried to sense it, he knew that there were more than two pills by just hearing the sound. As expected, four red Spirit Pills flew out of the Alchemy Furnace, upon which he put them in a jade bottle.

This time, the Dragon Blood Pills were much better than his first ones in terms of colour saturation, indicating that their medicinal efficacies were far better as well. It was true that it required skills and experience to perform Alchemy.

Yang Kai didn’t take a rest again and directly tried to refine Dragon Blood Pills for the third time. Half a day later, the third batch of Dragon Blood Pills flew out of the furnace. There were still only four pills, but the quality had been improved significantly.

Although it had something to do with Yang Kai’s increased familiarity with the process, the determining factor was that he had used the only Mid-Rank Dragon Blood Flower he had. To practice Alchemy, even though the Alchemist’s skills were crucial, the ingredients were the key to determining the quality of the final products. For the same Alchemist, the better the ingredients, the higher the quality the pills would turn out to be.

There were a total of ten pills for three refinements. The result was outstanding, as any Emperor Grade Alchemist couldn’t guarantee to achieve the same result, not even Ji Ying. Perhaps only the Wondrous Pill Great Emperor could ensure a 100 percent success rate.

When everything was ready, Yang Kai began cultivating. He was now in his Sealed World Bead, which was basically his territory, so he didn’t have to be wary of anything. No matter how much noise he made, people in the outside world wouldn’t notice it.

“Dragon Transformation!” After Yang Kai growled, his body swelled up instantly as popping sounds could be heard. Soon, his skin was covered in Dragon Scales. Two bulges rose from his forehead. His hands transformed into pointed Dragon Claws. Even the shape of his legs had changed.

After he transformed into his forty five-metre tall Half-Dragon Form, his Dragon Pressure permeated the place. Although he was seated on the ground with his legs crossed, his figure was still towering. With his eyes wide open, they beamed with a ferocious glare.

The petite jade bottle looked just like dust on his palm. As his chest heaved, he opened his mouth and took one Dragon Blood Pill into his stomach. Instantly, a scorching heat could be felt in his abdomen, as though he had just gulped down lava instead of a Dragon Blood Pill.

With hot air gushing out of his nostrils, Yang Kai closed his eyes and focused on circulating Dragon Transformation Secret Art.

His entire body was squirming, and it was as though all his pores had opened up. The Dragon Blood Pill disintegrated in his stomach as its medicinal efficacies spread across his entire body. The Golden Divine Dragon Source, which lay in his body, seemed to have been activated by some kind of force as it transformed into a mass of golden light that then began flowing along his veins and mixing with his Emperor Qi.

Just like thirsty travellers, his meridians expanded and sucked the power of the passing Dragon Source Strength, as though they wanted to drain it dry.

*Kacha…*

His bones seemed to have broken as a sense of excruciating pain came over his entire body. Paired with the scorching heat in his abdomen, Yang Kai felt that life was like a living hell for him.

After a grunt, he cast away the unnecessary thoughts as he continued circulating his Dragon Transformation Secret Art.

*Kacha…*

Cracking sounds could be heard again as though all his bones had been broken and then restructured. With every advancement in the Dragon Transformation Secret Art, Yang Kai had to go through this bone-exchanging process. Only by enduring this unbearable pain could he be reborn.

Although it was difficult to persevere, Yang Kai felt joyful in his heart. After his power was increased with the help of Zhu Qing’s Primordial Yin previously, his Dragon Transformation had not seen any significant progress for a long time. There had only been some slight progress which was almost imperceptible, as there hadn’t been any changes to his forty five metre long Dragon Form.

After all, he was originally just a Human. He had obtained the Golden Divine Dragon Source by chance and had lived with it for years. If he wanted to integrate the Dragon Source into his being fully, he had to pay a considerable price, and the process would be gradual.

Without any external help, any significant progress could take 100 or even 1000 years. However, the Dragon Blood Pill’s medicinal efficacies helped him shorten the time needed, ensuring that he could integrate his Dragon Source in a short period of time.

Cracking sounds were still heard continuously. The Dragon Scales on Yang Kai’s skin gradually changed into another colour. He even felt itchy on his temples as though some things were about to protrude. The places he felt itchy were where his stubby Dragon Horns were located. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The Dragon Blood Pill’s medicinal efficacies lasted for about an hour before the cracking sounds subsided and his expression turned calmer. After the medicinal efficacies disappeared, he opened his eyes. At that moment, his entire body was drenched in sweat, as though he had just emerged from the ocean, but his expression was jovial.

Without even trying to sense it, he knew that there must be some changes in him. After taking a rest, he opened his mouth and sucked in a breath, upon which, the second Dragon Blood Pill flew out of the jade bottle and into his mouth.

…

Inside the Small Sealed World, Yang Kai repeatedly took his Dragon Blood Pills, and with their help, he continuously cultivated his Dragon Transformation Secret Art.

Although the Dragon Blood Pills could help increase the Dragon Clan’s bloodline purity, their biggest use was to stimulate the Dragon Clan’s Source Strength and purify it.

Unlike the other Dragon Clan members, whose bloodline and Source Strength improved as they grew up, Yang Kai’s Golden Divine Dragon Source Strength was fixed, which meant that there was no room for growth, but it was easier for him to activate and integrate it. To Yang Kai, it was akin to owning a treasure trove, but he was unable to use it fully. He could only collect a small amount of wealth from time to time to enrich himself.

Two days later, the last Dragon Blood Pill had also been refined and Yang Kai abruptly opened his eyes as his gaze flashed. With him as the center, his Dragon Pressure spread across thousands of kilometres. His roar sounded just like an authentic Dragon Roar, which shook everything around him.

With a body as large as a hill, he got to his feet and let out a hot breath, which seemed to have caused the entire world to shake. After scanning himself with his Divine Sense, he put on a smile. The ten Dragon Blood Pills were indeed effective.

His Dragon Form had grown from forty five metres to fifty metres, which was a significant improvement. After he was helped by Zhu Qing’s Primordial Yin previously, his Dragon Form had grown from thirty five metres to forty five metres. These ten pills had helped him grow another five metres, satisfying him greatly.