Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3051, Cultivating Madly

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In just half a day, Yang Kai had put more than a thousand Dragon Blood Flowers into his Space Ring after visiting almost all of that Spirit Island.

Despite Fu Ling’s stare, Li Jiao still picked a few flowers. Both excited and afraid, he could feel his hands trembling uncontrollably as this was the first time he had engaged in this kind of theft.

Suddenly, Yang Kai looked in a particular direction as he was attracted by two Dragon Blood Flowers over there.

The two Dragon Blood Flowers were distinctly different from those he had picked earlier. Both of them were translucent with a vivid blood colour. Their Dragon Aura was pure, and the red mist above them looked like it would form into a Flood Dragon at any moment, which was remarkable.

“Are those Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers?” Yang Kai narrowed his eyes. Although he had never seen Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers before, he recognized them the moment he saw those two flowers.

“Brother-in-law, these two flowers…” Fu Ling was flustered.

Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers were extremely rare even on Dragon Island, so only the Elders had the right to consume them. These two Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers were already reserved for the Great Elder and Second Elder, and they would be sent to them in two months after they were harvested. Now that Yang Kai had his eye on them, there was no way they could be saved.

Despite that, Fu Ling still attempted to dissuade Yang Kai from doing it.

“Stand aside!” Yang Kai pushed her away and approached the two Dragon Blood Flowers, his eyes beaming with greed. After picking them, he realized that the Red Phantom Dragon on those flowers faintly growled at him.

Knowing that her life was over, Fu Ling sighed. After this matter was exposed, she would certainly be thrown into the Dragon Grave.

One hour later, all the mature Dragon Blood Flowers on this Spirit Island had been swept up by Yang Kai.

“Just stay on this Spirit Island. I’ll summon you when I need your help. Make sure not to let anyone find out what happened.” Before leaving the Spirit Island, Yang Kai gave Fu Ling an order.

“Yes,” Fu Ling replied lethargically while cursing Yang Kai in her heart. [He has created such a mess and now wants me to clean it up for him, how can he be so heartless?]

Yang Kai nodded and flew off with Li Jiao.

Although Li Jiao was weak, his foundation hadn’t been damaged because Yang Kai had saved him in time. He just needed some time to recuperate and his cultivation wouldn’t be at risk of regressing.

Along the way, Li Jiao appeared to be hesitant.

“San Niang is fine.” Knowing what he wanted to ask, Yang Kai decided to tell him directly.

Li Jiao’s gaze appeared conflicted when he heard this. A moment later, he replied, “Brother Yang, many thanks for taking care of her.”

Yang Kai nodded, “San Niang is a kind-hearted woman. Moreover, the incident in the past wasn’t her fault.”

Li Jiao uttered, “I know it’s not her fault, but…” He sighed and shook his head. Although Lu San Niang was innocent regarding the incident in the past, no man could easily get over it if they were in Li Jiao’s shoes.

Yang Kai understood his feelings, so he only briefly mentioned it and stopped talking about it. After giving it a thought, he said, “You’re a Dragonborn, so you’ll certainly attract a lot of attention. If the other Dragon Clan members find you, that might put you in a dangerous situation. You should hide in a safe place for now.”

Li Jiao asked doubtfully, “Where?”

Stopping in his tracks, Yang Kai suddenly turned around and pushed his palm forward as he shouted, “Don’t resist!”

Shocked, Li Jiao instinctively wanted to resist, but he relaxed after hearing what Yang Kai said, for he believed that Yang Kai wouldn’t harm him. A sense of dizziness came over him, and he soon found himself entering a strange world.

After returning to Fu Chi’s Spirit Island, Yang Kai found Lu San Niang and her daughter, then he put them in the Sealed World Bead without explanation so that they could meet up with Li Jiao. Afterwards, he flew to the centre of the sea.

Just like how he had done it previously, he plunged into the waters and summoned the Sealed World Bead before entering the Small Sealed World. With the wedding only twenty days away, he wouldn’t want to waste even one breath.

After checking his stock of spirit herbs, Yang Kai took out all those necessary to make Dragon Blood Pills and placed them at his side.

He had many spirit flowers with him, so it wouldn’t be a problem for him to make Dragon Blood Pills. With over a thousand Dragon Blood Flowers, he could make a thousand batches of Dragon Blood Pills if he wanted to.

Nevertheless, he didn’t have enough adjuvant spirit medicines now, which would be finished after using the furnace roughly twenty times. Hence, he had to come up with a plan first.

Of the one thousand Dragon Blood Flowers, there were only one to two hundred Mid-Rank flowers, twenty to thirty High-Rank flowers, and only two Peak-Rank flowers.

To maximize the medicinal efficacies, he decided to directly use High-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers to make Dragon Blood Pills. After readying the pill furnace, he monitored the heat, drew the Spirit Array and dropped in the spirit medicines.

One hour later, the first batch of Dragon Blood Pills was ready.

The result was alright as there were four Dragon Blood Pills. However, the quality of these pills had improved significantly compared to those made previously. After all, these pills were made from a High-Rank Dragon Blood Flower, so they were naturally much better.

Yang Kai’s expression was as calm as a still lake. After restoring his energy, he started refining the second batch of pills, then the third batch, the fourth batch, and so on.

With more experience as he made more pills, Yang Kai was able to continuously improve the quality of Dragon Blood Pills.

When he was done with the tenth batch, he realized that there were five pills, which was one pill more than the previous batches. That was a wonderful improvement, as one extra pill gave him a greater sense of security, so he was happy with the result.

However, getting five Dragon Blood Pills per batch seemed to be the limit. After more than twenty batches, the number of pills he got still remained the same. At the same time, the quality of Dragon Blood Pills seemed to have reached its peak as well. Still, the medicinal efficacies that came with these pills were significantly greater than those he had made initially.

After emptying his mind, he sat down with his legs crossed and started cultivating to restore his energy.

One day later, he opened his eyes and started making pills again.

He only had two sets of ingredients for making Dragon Blood Pills left, so naturally, they were reserved for the two Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers. At that moment, he was looking forward to the results of the next two batches of pills.

With the whole process ingrained in his mind after he had made more than twenty batches of Dragon Blood Pills, Yang Kai could even close his eyes and know what to do without making any mistakes.

When the first batch was ready, Yang Kai was excited to find out the result. After he got the pills out of the furnace and took a look, he was over the moon.

He was lucky because he had obtained six pills from using a Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flower in this batch. Two of the pills even had Pill Veins on them. The veins were intricate and abstruse, like a Human’s meridians. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The value of pills with Pill Veins was considerably greater than those without, which was also a test for the mastery of an Alchemy Grandmaster’s skills. Although some Alchemists were highly proficient in Alchemy, they could never make pills with Pill Veins throughout their lives because they only repeated what they were taught when practising Alchemy without their own methods and insights. In other words, there was no spirituality in the way they practised Alchemy. Everything was done rigidly.

Naturally, Yang Kai was different from those Alchemists. After composing himself once more, he readied the furnace for making the final batch of Spirit Pills.

This time, everything went much smoother than the previous time. After the pills were ready, Yang Kai didn’t even need to inspect them to know that the result was better than the previous one.

As expected, of the six pills, three of them had Pill Veins. It was then that Yang Kai stopped making pills.

Including the Dragon Blood Pills he had made before, he had made twenty-five batches of pills in total, all of which were successful. Even the Wondrous Pill Great Emperor would praise him upon seeing his result.

Now, he had about a hundred Dragon Blood Pills. The pills from recent batches were greater than those he had made initially in terms of quality. Five of them even had Pill Veins on them.

After admiring his own masterpieces for a while, he had to start his cultivation plan.

With a roar, Yang Kai’s body swelled up and transformed into a 50-metre tall Half-Dragon.

After dropping a Dragon Blood Pill into his mouth, he started circulating his Dragon Transformation Secret Art as his Dragon Aura spread across the surrounding space.

Just as Yang Kai was taking those pills as though they were candies in order to cultivate, there was a woman in misery on a Spirit Island in Dragon Palace.

This Spirit Island was different from the other islands. A radius of a few thousand kilometres around the island was bitingly cold. The entire island seemed to have been frozen over and there was also a thick layer of ice on the sea surface around it.

Obviously, this was an ice island.

Everything seemed to have been frozen over on the island. There had never been a beautiful spring day on this island, nor were there any green trees. Besides the thick World Energy in the air, a depressing aura permeated the place, making the entire place extremely dull.

Even the Dragon Clan members couldn’t go near this island as they pleased because this was the territory of the Dragon Clan’s Second Elder, Fu Zhun.

Be it the Fu Clan or Zhu Clan of the Dragon Clan, they were respectful of the Second Elder, and after what happened more than ten years ago, their respect turned into fear.

That was because the Second Elder had personally thrown a Dragon, who was the closest to her, into the Dragon Grave more than ten years ago.

Their relationship was akin to that of a mother and a daughter, but despite that, the Second Elder was still stone-hearted when carrying out the punishment. At that time, all the Dragon Clan members realized how merciless the Second Elder was.

At this moment, Zhu Qing was confined to this ice island. In the centre of the island was an ice sheet that had been frozen for more than ten thousand years, on which Zhu Qing was seated with her legs crossed. Her cultivation had been suppressed, and her Dragon Vein had been sealed, so she was practically powerless right now. Nevertheless, her innate physique was still pretty strong.

However, on this eternally frozen ice sheet, she couldn’t help sneezing from time to time. Her face was pale, and even the breath she let out became a fog in an instant.

Even knowing that this was the Second Elder’s punishment for her though, Zhu Qing wasn’t resentful and she just endured it in silence. Recalling her memories with Yang Kai, she felt heartbroken, as they might never meet again. Given the situation she was in, she would be too embarrassed to see him again even if there was such a chance.

She had prepared herself psychologically before coming back to Dragon Island, as she knew that her fellow clansmen would certainly object to her being married to Yang Kai.

However, she was a proud member of the Dragon Clan, so she had to return. If she insisted on staying by Yang Kai’s side, she would bring trouble to him. Hoping to persuade the Second Elder, she decided to give it a try and returned to Dragon Island.