Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3066, Li Jiao Goes All Out

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The next moment, Fu Chi’s expression was transformed into shock, because the sight before his eyes was completely beyond his ability to comprehend. Under his Dragon Pressure, that hybrid didn’t seem to have been affected as he only frowned a little. Unlike what Fu Chi had imagined, Li Jiao’s bloodline had not been suppressed, and he didn’t fall on his knees in fright.

[What’s going on? This man is just a hybrid with an impure bloodline, while I’m an Eighth-Order Thunder Dragon. There’s a huge difference between our bloodlines, so why does he still look fine? What went wrong?]

Unlike how shocked Fu Chi was, Li Jiao felt excited in his heart. [It’s really blocked! However, there’s indeed a huge difference between a Third-Order and an Eighth-Order. Although I still feel a little uncomfortable due to the suppression, I can finally see hope of getting my revenge!]

The Dragon Temple’s Blessing indeed lived up to its name. With the help of this Blessing, the difference between their bloodlines would be far less obvious, and Li Jiao would have a right to go all out to fight with Fu Chi. That was the right he needed most.

If it weren’t because Yang Kai had intercepted one of the Blessings from the Dragon Temple and redirected it into Li Jiao’s body, the latter would never have a chance to retaliate against Fu Chi for Lu San Niang. Everything was made possible because of Yang Kai, so Li Jiao was grateful to him.

Upon realizing what the cause of all this was soon after, Fu Chi widened his eyes and bellowed, “You have the Dragon Temple’s Blessing? How is that possible? How did you get it?”

Naturally, he wasn’t aware that after he left, the Fourth Elder communicated with the Dragon Temple and asked for Blessings to be delivered to his clansmen. What Fu Chi also couldn’t understand was how this Dragonborn managed to get a Blessing. Furthermore, there seemed to be an unresolvable feud between them, otherwise, this man wouldn’t have stalked him and looked at him with a gaze that was filled with hatred.

“What are you trying to do?” Fu Chi’s expression darkened as he sneered. [Does this hybrid think he can harm me just because I’m injured? Indeed, I’m wounded, but I’m still an Eighth-Order Thunder Dragon!]

Without answering his question, Li Jiao uttered dispassionately, “My name is Li Jiao.”

As he spoke, a golden glint flashed across his hand, upon which a halberd appeared. It was an Emperor Artifact, the Golden Lion Halberd.

This halberd was made from the bones of a Twelfth-Order Monster Beast, the Sovereign Golden Lion, which was an ancient beast that had supposedly gone extinct. In ancient times, it was one of the most powerful creatures in the Star Boundary and could even compete with some Divine Spirits.

Li Jiao managed to obtain the Sovereign Golden Lion’s skeleton by chance. After that, he found an Artifact Refining Grandmaster to help him forge this halberd. The weapon had accompanied him for about 500 years now, and he had been cultivating it with his Blood Essence the whole time. It could be said that this halberd was his most powerful weapon.

With this halberd in his hand, Li Jiao’s aura and momentum reached a peak. Facing an Eighth-Order Thunder Dragon, he wouldn’t dare to lower his guard as although the other party was injured, Li Jiao knew it would be no easy task to defeat him, which was why he directly brought out his trump card.

Also understanding the situation, Fu Chi frowned deeply. He didn’t know what the feud was between them that made Li Jiao ready to put his life at risk, but that didn’t matter at this moment.

Just then, a breeze whisked past them, after which Li Jiao charged forward with the halberd in his hands as a cold glint flashed across the weapon. Upon reaching Fu Chi, Li Jiao swung, chopped, and stabbed with his halberd, engulfing the former in an innumerable number of halberd shadows.

“Impudence!” Fu Chi was enraged because he had been humiliated by Yang Kai and Zhu Qing earlier, but now even a hybrid was insulting him! As a member of the Dragon Clan, he would never allow anyone to disparage his dignity. Releasing a ferocious roar, crackling sounds echoed as lightning arcs exploded out. The arcs condensed together into a giant bolt that then struck at Li Jiao. At the same time, Fu Chi opened his mouth and spat out a massive lightning ball at the Golden Lion Halberd.

A red gleam glowed on Li Jiao’s body as his pores expanded, a clear sign he was burning his Blood Essence to fuel his assault. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Li Jiao knew that this battle had to be ended quickly. Only by turning his anger into near reckless courage could he stand a chance to win a battle against Fu Chi. The longer things dragged on, the slimmer the chance he would have to get his revenge, which was why he decided to burn his Blood Essence from the very start so he could kill Fu Chi in as few moves as possible.

Just then, a beam of lightning struck Li Jiao’s body, causing the red glow to flicker, as though it would be put out at any moment.

The lightning ball coming out of Fu Chi’s mouth hit the Golden Lion Halberd simultaneously, and after a loud boom was heard, Li Jiao was sent flying away, while Fu Chi, who was seated crossed legged, was pushed back almost a hundred metres.

“Go to Hell!” Fu Chi growled as his fury reached a breaking point and exploded like a volcano. However, when he raised his gaze, his expression changed slightly.

That was because Li Jiao, who was sent flying away, actually spat more Blood Essence onto the Golden Lion Halberd while he performed several complicated hand seals and pointed at Fu Chi.

*Huo!*

A thunderous roar could be heard, upon which the Golden Lion Halberd contorted and transformed into a huge lion. The king of beasts then turned into a beam of golden light and launched itself at Fu Chi.

Knowing that the attack would seriously injure him if he allowed it to hit, Fu Chi didn’t dare to take it lightly. After a roar, he transformed into his Dragon form and clawed at the golden light with all his might, upon which the lion disintegrated and turned back into a halberd. The glow appeared fainter now, as its spirituality had been damaged, causing Li Jiao to spurt out blood as his aura deflated.

“Since you dared to provoke me, you must die today!” Fu Chi curled his body up and looked down at Li Jiao. Like an emissary of the Heavens, he was pronouncing the judgment for Li Jiao.

However, the next moment, his expression changed drastically as a sense of anxiety rose within him. Upon closer look, he realized that there was a longan-sized bead in the puddle of blood Li Jiao had spat out. Although the bead appeared ordinary, it actually contained a formidable power.

Apparently, Fu Chi felt threatened by the bead.

“A Dragon Bead! How did you cultivate a Dragon Bead!?” Fu Chi exclaimed.

It was an inconceivable idea that a mere hybrid had managed to cultivate a Dragon Bead. Although the bead’s quality was extremely low, it was still a genuine Dragon Bead.

Every member of the Dragon Clan had their own Dragon Bead, which was their most precious possession as it was the foundation of their life and strength, equivalent to a Monster Beast’s Monster Core.

When facing a life or death crisis, a Monster Beast could spit out their own Monster Core to attack their opponent. Naturally, Dragon Clan members could do the same, but hardly anyone had done it before, because there were basically no creatures in this world that could threaten their lives. Even if there were such creatures, they wouldn’t choose to offend Dragon Clan, much less try to kill them.

It took immense courage to spit out one’s Dragon Bead. Although the Dragon Bead was incredibly powerful and by no means fragile, outside the body it became vulnerable to attack, and the slightest damage to it would also damage a Dragon’s foundation. This would either result in a reduction of strength, or in extreme cases, a loss of life.

Unless they were left with no other choice, a Monster Beast wouldn’t spit out their Monster Core, and a Dragon Clan member would never take out their Dragon Bead unless it was the only way they could destroy their opponent.

At this moment, a hybrid had actually taken out his own Dragon Bead in front of Fu Chi, demonstrating clearly his determination to kill his enemy.

[What’s wrong with this guy? What grudge is there between us? Why is he going as far as to even spit out his Dragon Bead to attack me?] In comparison to the fact that this man had cultivated his own Dragon Bead, Fu Chi was more surprised by Li Jiao’s resoluteness.

Even now, he did not understand why Li Jiao hated him so deeply. Since the beginning, Li Jiao had only announced his name and spoken no further. After just a few moves, Li Jiao was even ready to put his life on the line to win.

Fu Chi was caught off guard by this series of unexpected attacks.

Li Jiao was a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master, but he was now ready to put his life at risk to release his strongest strike. Even though Fu Chi was an Eighth-Order Thunder Dragon, he wouldn’t dare disdain this kind of suicidal attack.

With his expression turning solemn, Fu Chi roared and spat out a mouthful of Dragon Breath which transformed into a layer of protection in front of him.

After the layer of protection was struck by the approaching Dragon Bead, Fu Chi’s gigantic body shook while Li Jiao coughed up enough blood to dye his clothes scarlet. The Dragon Bead’s glow started flickering, but through pure force of will, Li Jiao managed to stabilize its radiance.

*Kacha…*

Suddenly, a cracking sound was heard.

Fu Chi’s expression changed again as he had underestimated Li Jiao’s determination. He thought that a setback would make Li Jiao back down, but it only made him grow more ferocious instead.

The hybrid didn’t care about his own Dragon Bead at all as he recklessly pushed its power, an absolutely insane move.

After Fu Chi’s layer of protection was destroyed, the Dragon Bead would almost instantly reach him. Just when Fu Chi was hesitating whether he should also take out his Dragon Bead to intercept it, the chance had already passed him by.

At that moment, the small Dragon Bead was like the sharpest weapon in this world and penetrated Fu Chi’s Dragon Scales, forming a big hole on his chest before it shot out from his back, after which copious amounts of Dragon Blood spurted from his wound.

Fu Chi wailed as he writhed about, smashing all the rocks on the island and throwing sand and dirt into the air.

Compared to his body size, the wound that was caused by the strike was small, but he had actually been severely injured. His five viscera and six organs had been shifted and his Blood Essence had become chaotic and unstable.

Infuriated, Fu Chi swung his Dragon Tail and hit right at the Dragon Bead behind him.

*Kacha…*

A crack was formed on the Dragon Bead, causing its glow to dim noticeably.

*Wa…*

Li Jiao opened his mouth and spouted out another mouthful of blood. His face had turned as pale as a white sheet and, unable to even support his own weight anymore, he fell on his knees. He gasped for air, but his aura only continued to dwindle. It was as though he would lose his life at any moment.

He raised his head and saw that Fu Chi had returned to his Human form, proving his final strike just now wasn’t useless. Although Li Jiao was in a sorry state, Fu Chi had been severely injured as well. At this moment, Fu Chi’s face was ashen as he pressed his hand against his chest and glowered at Li Jiao. His robes were covered in blood.

If they were to fight head-on, Fu Chi believed that this hybrid would be no match for him even though the latter had the Dragon Temple’s Blessing. However, this hybrid was extremely ruthless and resolute, catching Fu Chi off guard. If not for this, it would have been impossible for Fu Chi to have been injured so badly. As a result, at this moment, Fu Chi felt utterly humiliated.

Staring coldly at Li Jiao, he uttered slowly, “I’ll kill you!”

Li Jiao raised his hand with difficulty to wipe the blood off his mouth and gazed calmly at Fu Chi as he thought to himself, [I’ve failed. Even though I’ve done my best, it’s still impossible for me to kill a member of the Dragon Clan.]

He had already gone all out, using every trump card he had, so all he could do was lament that the Heavens were unfair to him. [With so many creatures in this world, why are we graded into different ranks? Why is the Dragon Clan above all others?]