Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3068, Second Dragon Transformation

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Li Jiao didn’t want to die. The reason he stayed put just now was that he didn’t see any hope of survival. Now that there was a chance though, he wasn’t willing to sit around waiting for death.

He took out some pills from his Space Ring and stuffed them into his mouth. Following that, he focused his mind upon which a cracked bead shot up from the sea and rushed into his mouth. It was his damaged Dragon Bead.

With the Dragon Bead back into his stomach as well as the help of the pills, he had managed to restore some of his energy. Then, he extended his hand and retrieved his Golden Lion Halberd, whose spirituality had been damaged. Upon taking a deep breath, he started running for his life.

He didn’t know the identity of the man behind him, but he realized that the Soul who told him to run away must know Yang Kai, which was why he had to tell the latter about it immediately. Unfortunately, that Soul didn’t give more details, or didn’t have the chance to do so. Otherwise, Li Jiao would have figured out the man’s identity.

…..

As the Dragon roars shook the sky, Yang Kai and four Dragons clashed across the sky. Although Zhu Qing and Fu Ling had shared some of his burdens, he was still put in a disadvantageous situation.

Those in the Dragon Clan were Divine Spirits, and all four Dragons in that place were mature Great Dragons. Although bloodline was graded into different orders, every Dragon Clan member could easily defeat a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master. Although Yang Kai was now an 80-metre-long Half-Dragon that was mighty in its own right, he was still no match for the other Dragons.

At the same time, he was glad that Zhu Qing and Fu Ling had lifted some of the weight off his shoulders. Otherwise, he would have lost the battle by now. Although the situation wasn’t in their favour, they still stood some chance of winning.

Yang Kai was still waiting for the right moment to deal a critical blow to the four Dragons, as he still had a trump card to play. It was called a trump card because it could bring the best result for him when his opponents least expected it.

At that moment, Yang Kai was drenched in blood, as he had been wounded all over his body, and his aura was no longer at its peak, as though he would collapse at any moment.

Seeing that, the Four Dragons stopped hesitating and pounced on him from all directions.

Yang Kai moved a little to avoid the first Dragon that charged at him and evaded the Dragon Breath that had been shot at him by the second. At the same time, he parried the third Great Dragon’s Secret Technique. However, as his body shook violently, he realized that he had been grasped by the Fourth Dragon.

That Dragon was the strongest among the four, as was a Seventh-Order with a 150-metre-long body which he wrapped around Yang Kai to ensure that the latter couldn’t escape using his Space Divine Ability. At that moment, all of Yang Kai’s bones started cracking.

The other three Dragons were elated upon seeing this, after which they rushed towards Yang Kai again. All of their eyes glinted with a cold glare. If Yang Kai still couldn’t struggle out of the grip before they reached him, he would be doomed.

As Yang Kai growled, a glint flashed across his eyes. It had come to the point where he couldn’t hide anything anymore. He had no choice but to use his last trick to save himself. Just then, he was startled for a moment before he became ecstatic. After he twisted his wrist, something appeared in his hand. Then, he hurled the thing in his hand at a Dragon that was coming at him, and he growled, “Get him!”

The other three Dragons were shocked when they saw what Yang Kai had done. Before they figured out what Yang Kai had thrown at them, they didn’t dare to parry it, as they had witnessed how tricky and ruthless he could be. There was no way the tactic he had used at this point would be meaningless.

Under everyone’s attention, a round boulder was seen being catapulted into the air. The perfectly rounded boulder was only as tall as an ordinary Human, but it appeared quite ordinary.

[What is that?] The Dragon Clan members were puzzled when they saw this. The Dragon who was about to be hit with the boulder impatiently swung his tail in an attempt to sweep it away, but as soon as his tail came into contact with it, a sudden change happened.

An explosion was heard, upon which the boulder broke into pieces. This change stunned the Dragons, but upon closer examination, they realized that a strange stone man about as tall as a Human had emerged from the broken stones. This stone man had an angular appearance and sharp spikes protruding from his figure. He had complete facial features and his limbs were unusually long. It wouldn’t be so surprising if that was all though. The most important factor was that this stone man had flames covering his body, and there was an aura coming from him that was exclusive to Divine Spirits.

“Shi Huo!” One Dragon growled as disbelief was written all over his face.

As Divine Spirits themselves, the Dragon Clan members were familiar with Shi Huo. Although Shi Huo wasn’t ranked highly among the Divine Spirits, it was still powerful.

However, what the Dragon Clan members didn’t understand was why a Shi Huo would emerge from a boulder, which was thrown out by Yang Kai. They were surrounded by the seemingly endless sea, so how did Yang Kai manage to summon it?

Right after Shi Huo appeared, it released a roar. The sound waves coming from its mouth were so strong they were almost visible to the naked eye. The shock wave caused a ripple in the surrounding space, and the Dragon Clan member at the front couldn’t help but stop moving. Instinctively, they could sense that this Shi Huo was more complicated than it seemed.

“Scram!” The Dragon closest by extended his claws and swiped at the Shi Huo. [So what if it’s a Shi Huo? No Divine Spirits can ever be haughty in front of us, the Dragon Clan! Moreover, this Shi Huo should be a newly-born, so it should be quite weak now.]

The next moment though, this Dragon Clan member realized he was deeply mistaken. After a growl, this Shi Huo that was only as tall as a Human rapidly began to expand. 10 metres, 15 metres, 30 metres, 60 metres… In just a short moment, Shi Huo, who was just as small as an ant to the Dragon Clan members a short while ago, had grown to be just as gargantuan as them. The flames on his body appeared even more violent, as though they could burn anything in this world.

With a loud boom, the Dragon Claw clashed with Shi Huo’s chest, which caused sparks to fly along with a screeching sound. Shi Huo staggered backwards as a claw mark formed on its chest.

The Dragon Clan member who had made the move was startled by the change. [Is this really a Shi Huo? When did it develop this kind of Divine Ability?]

After being clawed, Shi Huo took a look at its chest and raised its head. Its flickering red eyes looked like dancing flames, and an eerie laugh sounded from its throat. Following that, it extended its arms and grabbed the Dragon’s tail before pulling him towards itself.

The Dragon roared as he didn’t expect that Shi Huo would pull him towards it suddenly. As the two bodies clashed together, a thunderous boom was heard. Following that, the smell of roasted meat filled the air. Groaning in pain, the Dragon tried to struggle out of Shi Huo’s grip as it moved towards the sea. After both of them plunged into the waters, they caused a huge splash with a surge of steam.

There were four of them initially, but Shi Huo’s appearance forced one of them to leave the group. Now, only three Dragons were left to deal with Yang Kai.

“Hahahaha!” Yang Kai suddenly guffawed, his voice as loud as thunder.

“You’re about to die. How dare you still be so conceited!” the Dragon Clan member, who had been binding Yang Kai, growled, for he didn’t understand why Yang Kai was laughing.

Although there had been many unexpected changes on this day, Yang Kai was obviously still on the losing side. Three Dragons were more than enough to deal with him.

“It’s the right time now!” Yang Kai’s expression turned solemn as he spoke in a lowered voice.

As soon as he finished speaking, the three Dragons realized that something bad was going to happen. Hesitating no more, all of them decided to kill him immediately. The Great Dragon, who had been binding Yang Kai with his own body, exerted more force to restrict him so that there was no room for him to struggle.

The other two Dragons came at him from both sides as their Dragon Claws glinted with a cold glare. Breaking through the hindrance of space, they aimed at Yang Kai’s vital parts.

“Dragon… Transformation!”

The three Dragons were stunned when they heard Yang Kai’s hoarse voice. [Dragon Transformation? Hasn’t he already transformed into a Dragon? It’s already an inconceivable achievement that a Human has managed to transform into an 80-metre-long Dragon. Why did he yell ‘Dragon Transformation’ again? Does he want to turn into an actual Dragon?]

At the thought of this, the three Dragons couldn’t help but snort. In their eyes, Yang Kai could never become a True Dragon no matter how hard he tried. This was the limitation imposed on the Races, so he could never achieve that breakthrough.

But what happened next terrified them. After Yang Kai shouted ‘Dragon Transformation’, his already imposing Dragon Pressure started intensifying to the point where the three Dragons began feeling horrified. At the same time, cracking sounds could be heard, as Yang Kai, who was already 80 metres long, started expanding again.

“This…” The Dragon, who had been binding Yang Kai, widened his eyes in disbelief. He could feel that an immense force was pushing him outward, forcing his curled up body to expand. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

80 metres, 100 metres, 120 metres, 150 metres!

With his head reaching to the Heavens while his feet firmly trod upon the void, Yang Kai now looked like a gargantuan monster as his terrifying Dragon Pressure spread across the sky, shaking the world, sending thousands of waves out across the sea.

The three Dragons could feel their eyes trembling violently. The Dragons, who were battling against Zhu Qing and Fu Ling, were dumbstruck as they gazed at Yang Kai.

Zhu Qing was startled for a moment before a glint of joy flashed across her eyes. She had never expected that Yang Kai had been hiding his true power as he awaited the best chance to fight back. Now, that chance had come.

There was a huge difference between an 80-metre-tall figure and a 150-metre-tall one. The strength of a Dragon’s bloodline could be judged by observing its size. Yang Kai had cultivated the Dragon Transformation Secret Art, so naturally, he had inherited this trait as well. The larger his size, the purer his bloodline was.

One month ago, his Dragon form was only 45 metres, but now, he had grown to be a 150-metre tall Half-Dragon, which meant that his size had grown by more than three times. Although his overall strength didn’t actually improve much, the increment in his size came with a proportionally more powerful Dragon Pressure and bloodline suppression.

It was thanks to those Dragon Blood Flowers that he had managed to improve his Dragon Transformation Secret Art to this point, especially those Dragon Blood Pills that were made from the two Peak-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers. Almost half of the result of his growth in the past month was brought about by just these two flowers, while the other High-Rank Dragon Blood Flowers made up the rest.

Given more time, Yang Kai could have grown even taller than 150 metres.

This was more than a mere increase in size though. Initially, the Dragon Scales Yang Kai was covered in didn’t appear all that special, but at this moment, all his scales started glowing with a golden gleam. His entire body seemed to have been covered in a layer of gold, which appeared dazzling under the sunlight.