Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3069, Fallen Dragon Rain

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The bulges on Yang Kai’s temples had protruded like sprouting seedlings as his Dragon Horns now appeared long and firm, like those of a True Dragon.

The whole space had been engulfed in his Dragon Pressure as though his presence had materialized, causing the three Dragons to feel suffocated. It was like their chests had been pressed by boulders, which made them frustrated, and the Dragon Essence within their bodies was circulating at half its original speed.

The three Dragons were astonished and panicked, especially when they realized that a particular scale on their bodies was glowing strongly.

The glowing Dragon Scales were where the Dragon Temple’s Blessing had been stored, and the reason for this abnormality was that the Blessing Technique had become unstable.

When Yang Kai was still an 80-metre-tall Half-Dragon, they were not affected by the bloodline suppression at all; however, after Yang Kai had grown to 150 metres, his Dragon Pressure’s impact on their bloodlines made them terrified, even though they still had the Dragon Temple’s Blessing.

Zhu Lie had said that the Dragon Temple’s Blessing could significantly offset bloodline suppression, but that didn’t mean it could be completely neutralized. When that suppression surpassed a certain limit, the difference between bloodlines couldn’t be ignored even though they still had the Dragon Temple’s Blessing.

Just like the time when Li Jiao was confronted by Fu Chi, at this moment, the three Dragons were extremely terrified when they were facing Yang Kai.

[This battle has to be ended quickly. Otherwise, the consequences could be dreadful.] The three Dragons decided in an instant.

After Yang Kai transformed into his 150-metre-tall form, his gaze appeared even more determined as he charged forward. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Yang Kai suddenly made a move. From an unbelievable angle, his fist that was as large as a house landed on the head of one of the large Dragons, who was coming at him from the left side. After a loud thud was heard, the Dragon wailed in pain as his head was jerked to the side from the impact, and some Dragon Scales on his head had been broken off. His towering figure writhed about in the air and then plunged into the sea.

The Dragon from Yang Kai’s right side reached him in the next moment, and like a blade that could cut through anything in the world, his Dragon Claw glinted with a cold glare as it stabbed at Yang Kai’s chest.

Since Yang Kai was still bound at this moment, he was unable to evade this attack nor could he teleport away. If the claw landed on his chest, he would be doomed. At the most critical moment, he made an instinctive move by swinging his Dragon Tail towards his opponent. Like a bolt of lightning that had descended from the sky, Yang Kai’s tail lashed at his opponent with incredible force.

*Pa…*

His Dragon Tail hit right at the Dragon’s spine, and after a pain-filled roar, the Great Dragon that was approaching shot out like a falling star.

With an awkward expression, Yang Kai scanned himself with his Divine Sense and arched his brow, for there was now a Dragon Tail on his lower back. The discovery shocked him.

After one month of painstaking cultivation, he knew that his Dragon Transformation Secret Art had improved significantly, but he wasn’t sure what he would look like after activating his complete Dragon Transformation… Until now!

His figure had grown to 150 metres long; Dragon Horns had grown on his temples; a Dragon Tail had been formed on his lower back; his Dragon Scales now glowed with a golden glint. These were all transformative changes that made him look starkly different from his 80-metre-tall Half-Dragon Form.

With a body as sturdy as a mountain, Yang Kai looked around in an aloof manner as though the entire world was now under his control. At that instant, his heart was filled with confidence and pride.

The Great Dragon, who had been restricting Yang Kai’s movements, widened his eyes in disbelief. All these turns of events happened in the blink of an eye. His two fellow clansmen were easily defeated by Yang Kai with just a fist and a tail sweep. Now, his chest tightened as he had to face Yang Kai, who had activated his second Dragon Transformation, alone.

A glint flashed across his eyes as he opened his mouth wide to bite Yang Kai’s head.

Yang Kai raised his arm to protect himself, upon which his opponent’s sharp teeth dug into it, causing his arm to be covered in blood in an instant. However, Yang Kai just put on a sneer, and under the terrified Great Dragon’s attention, he extended his other hand and grabbed the Great Dragon’s horn before twisting it.

“Argh!” A Dragon roar shook the sky. After this Great Dragon’s horn had been broken off, blood started spurting out of the wound on his head like a great fountain.

After taking the horn, Yang Kai extended his hand and clawed at the Great Dragon’s stomach.

*Chi, Chi…*

In an instant, a wound that was tens of metres long was formed on the Great Dragon’s stomach. Through the wound, his squirming organs could be seen. At the same time, hundreds of Dragon Scales had been ripped off, including the one that contained the Dragon Temple’s Blessing.

After a brilliant flash of light, the Great Dragon was unable to sustain his Dragon Form anymore and shrank at a rapid speed until he assumed his Human Form again. He immediately tried to run away from Yang Kai with his hands pressing against his stomach, his blood still trickling down from between his fingers. His face was completely pale.

With bloodshot eyes, Yang Kai shot him a disdainful glance, but he didn’t intend to chase after him. Without the Dragon Temple’s Blessing, this Dragon Clan member was no longer a threat to him.

With a roar, Yang Kai directly plunged into the sea, but oddly enough he didn’t cause a single splash. A moment later, a violent energy fluctuation was felt coming from the bottom of the sea. Following that, a water column shot up into the sky, upon which Yang Kai emerged from the sea with two Dragons, one in each hand. The splash he had caused reflected the sunlight and formed a great rainbow.

These two Great Dragons were the ones who had been defeated by Yang Kai earlier. With his huge palms clenching the necks of both Dragons, Yang Kai dragged them along as he flew towards the sky.

Yang Kai’s whiskers trembled as he laughed wildly. Exerting more force with his hands, he smashed the two Dragons’ heads into each other, causing a thunderous boom that had both of them seeing stars.

*Hong, Hong, Hong, Hong…*

It was as though Yang Kai had been addicted to playing this game, as he kept making them crash into one another. At that moment, their Dragon Blood spurted out of their wounds as their bones were constantly creaking.

After bashing their heads together several dozen times to get his revenge, Yang Kai tossed them away, using the same tactic as before to break the Blessing Technique on them.

Up in the sky, the two Dragon Clan members were forced to return to their Human Forms. They were staggering about and couldn’t even stand stably, as though they were completely inebriated. After they staggered out a few dozen metres, they turned to look at Yang Kai with gazes that were filled with fear and wariness.

Ignoring them, Yang Kai narrowed his eyes and targeted a particular place. The next moment, he pushed his Space Principles, upon which his figure vanished into thin air. When he reappeared, he had already joined Zhu Qing’s battle.

The two Dragon Clan members, who were blocking Zhu Qing, were shocked upon seeing him.

Although they were battling Zhu Qing just now, they were not far away from where Yang Kai had been fighting. Hence, they had seen the battle clearly. Going up against three Dragons, Yang Kai still managed to defeat them with ease. Those three Dragons were completely powerless to counterattack.

That was why they had now lost the courage to face Yang Kai’s ruthlessness. As Yang Kai’s Dragon Pressure penetrated them, their bloodlines were immediately suppressed.

After trading glances, they decided to turn into beams of light to flee. They were no longer able to resolve this issue today. In other words, they couldn’t solve the problem just because they had more people on their side. To restore Dragon Island’s reputation, they had to seek help from the Great Elder and the Second Elder. That was why they had to inform the two Elders about what was happening here now.

However, they didn’t have the chance to do that. Just when they were preparing to flee, the space around them became extremely viscous, as though they had been sealed off by a kind of mysterious force. Space Principles!

The two Dragons were both shocked and panicked as they pushed their Dragon Pressure to break free of the Space Principles’ impact on them; however, Yang Kai had already pounced on them and grabbed one of their tails. After spinning the Dragon around several times, Yang Kai hurled him at the other Dragon.

*Hong…*

Both Dragons were sent flying away as they roared. Yang Kai launched himself at them again and pulled away two particular Dragon Scales on their backs, forcing them to return to their Human Forms.

The following task would be much simpler. With his 150-metre-tall figure, Yang Kai could practically destroy the remaining opponents, who were below the Eighth-Order, with little effort.

After he helped Fu Ling defeat her opponent, the surroundings fell into silence.

Yang Kai shifted his attention to the sea where his Embodiment was still battling against another Dragon Clan member, both parties seemingly evenly matched.

The fact that his Embodiment had awakened gave him a pleasant surprise; after all, his Embodiment had been unconscious ever since he integrated with Shi Huo’s Source in the Ancient Wild Lands some time ago. Yang Kai didn’t expect that his Embodiment would awaken all of a sudden at this critical moment.

Yang Kai had been keeping an eye on his Embodiment since it absorbed Shi Huo’s Source, and according to his calculations, his Embodiment would only regain consciousness sometime in the future. Perhaps it had realized the situation Yang Kai was in somehow, allowing it to awaken early.

Although it had woken up in advance, it didn’t really matter. That was because Yang Kai could feel that his Embodiment had completely integrated with Shi Huo’s Source, which meant that his Embodiment was now the Divine Spirit, Shi Huo!

After telling Zhu Qing something, Yang Kai prepared to go over to help his Embodiment, but just then, a thunderous Dragon Roar rang out from the deepest part of Dragon Island.

That Dragon Roar was unlike anything that Yang Kai had heard before. It sounded almost like a wail, as though the one who was roaring was about to pass on.

When this Dragon Roar was heard, Zhu Qing and Fu Ling both turned pale at the same time as they turned to look in the direction it came from.

Besides them, all the Dragon Clan members also turned to look in that direction. The Dragon Roar lasted for about a cup of tea worth of time before it stopped abruptly.

The next moment, Yang Kai touched his cheek, for he could feel some liquid dripping onto his face. Looking up at the sky, he said with a frown, “Why is it raining when the weather is so lovely? The weather on Dragon Island is so strange.”

The sun was high above the sky while there were practically no clouds in sight. However, rain was now falling. Furthermore, it was torrential and turbulent rain.

What shocked Yang Kai was that the rain seemed to contain some spirituality.

“This isn’t rain!” Fu Ling had turned completely pale as she stared fixedly towards the origins of the previous Dragon Roar, subconsciously replying to Yang Kai upon hearing what he said as her tender body trembled uncontrollably.

With a dark expression, Zhu Qing uttered, “It’s Fallen Dragon Rain!”

“What?” Yang Kai turned to look at Zhu Qing and frowned. He could feel that something serious must have happened. Otherwise, Zhu Qing wouldn’t appear so solemn.

“A Dragon Clan member has died!” Zhu Qing turned to look at him with a face transformed by fear.

Yang Kai was startled as his pupils contracted, “How do you know? Is it because of the Dragon roar?”

[Although the Dragon roar sounded sorrowful, it doesn’t mean a Dragon Clan member has passed away, right? Maybe they were just severely injured.]