Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3146, Enlightenment

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The conversation between Liu Yan and the thin man was all heard by Yang Kai. At the same time, he was trying to communicate with Long Tian Shang, which was a difficult task.

Although he had used his Divine Ability to make Long Tian Shang come to his senses, the latter had lost most of his memories and couldn’t remember most things. He only remembered that Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce was too powerful, so they had attracted the attention of those top cultivators from Grand Desolation Star Field. Netherworld Sect had joined forces with other great forces from Grand Desolation Star Field and launched an attack on them. Besides that, even the infamous Star Pirates from Galaxy Ridge and Abandoned Lair had sided with the cultivators from Grand Desolation Star Field.

Galaxy Ridge and Abandoned Lair were the two largest Star Pirate groups in the entire Heng Luo Star Field. These people who had come together were the vilest criminals. He Yun Xiang’s Fierce Gale Pirates paled when compared to these two great forces.

Before the invasion from Grand Desolation Star Field, these two great forces had been in conflict with the Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce, Purple Star, and Sword Union for about a thousand years. Starships from each of these Sects had all been ransacked by these Star Pirates before while navigating through the Star Field. On the other hand, Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce, Purple Star, and Sword Union had joined forces to launch an attack on those pirates. Both sides had suffered a loss of life, so a blood feud had been formed between them.

Now, the cultivators from Grand Desolation Star Field had invaded Heng Luo Star Field and these great forces, which were led by Netherworld Sect, had showcased their incredible powers. Naturally, those criminals from Galaxy Ridge and Abandoned Lair immediately sided with them to become their subordinates.

It was then that Yang Kai understood why Water Moon Star had fallen.

Faced with this kind of hostility, even though the Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce was fairly powerful, they still couldn’t ensure their own safety. The other Cultivation Stars had all fallen, so there was no way Water Moon Star, their Home Star, could be spared from this disaster.

Since the situation was already so terrible in Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce, there was no way Purple Star and Sword Union were fine now.

It wasn’t that the cultivators in Heng Luo Star Field were no match for those from Grand Desolation Star Field. Both of them were Lower Star Fields, so although there might be some disparity between their powers, the gap was definitely not huge. If they fought with each other head-on, both sides would be severely hurt.

The difference was that Netherworld Sect was the clear leader in Grand Desolation Star Field, so they could give orders to the other Sects, while there was a lack of such a leading force in Heng Luo Star Field. At its peak, High Heaven Sect could act as this leader; however, since the invasion from Grand Desolation Star Field, many of the Third-Order Origin Kings of the Sect had returned to their own Stars, so they were not united against their enemies.

“Be careful!” Long Tian Shang suddenly warned him sternly.

“Be careful of what?” Yang Kai gazed at him with a frown.

Long Tian Shang shook his head, as he didn’t know what Yang Kai should beware of. He just subconsciously thought that he should give the young man this warning as he felt that there was a person that they should be wary of. This person was the key that led to the downfall of Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce.

Yang Kai questioned him one more time, but Long Tian Shang was unable to answer. He had managed to help him regain consciousness for a short while, but the latter had already been made into a Corpse Puppet, so both his Divine Sense and body had suffered irreversible damage. Hence, this short moment of consciousness was like terminal lucidity.

Just then, Long Tian Shang started growling as his eyes could be seen trembling. It was apparent that he was losing his consciousness again, and he would soon turn back into a corpse that was ruthless and knew no pain.

Seeing that, Yang Kai heaved a sigh. He was saddened by the fact that the Supreme Elder of Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce had ended up in such a miserable state.

Liu Yan approached Yang Kai and took the hem of his clothes. The thin man, whose cultivation had been crippled, was lying on his side with a pale face. Liu Yan only asked him some questions before proceeding to ignore him.

At this moment, the thin man was staring at Long Tian Shang as though he was seeing the most horrifying sight in the world. With his eyes filled with terror as he yelled, “Kill me! Kill me!”

Nevertheless, Yang Kai just stared at him coldly without moving a muscle.

The thin man wailed and pleaded with them, “Please! Kill me now!”

Nobody wanted death if they could live; however, his cultivation was gone, so he was unable to flee. If he wasn’t killed, he would experience an ordeal that was worse than death.

Perhaps Long Tian Shang still remembered the blood feud between them, or that he was attracted to the thin man’s voice, he turned to look at him and walked up to him in the blink of an eye. Following that, he jabbed his sharp fingers into his chest and lifted him off his feet.

Blood started dropping from the thin man’s body as he shrieked.

Long Tian Shang appeared hideous as he growled in a meaningless way. His consciousness was replaced by the nature of a corpse. He opened his mouth and revealed his pointed teeth before taking a bite on the thin man’s body.

Another shriek was then heard.

Long Tian Shang tore off a piece of flesh from the thin man and started chewing it as blood streamed down from his mouth.

Most people had only heard about cannibalism in myths, but at this moment, such an incident was happening right before their eyes.

“Kill me… Please… Ah!” The thin man begged them to kill him; however, Yang Kai just stared at him with a cold expression. He watched as Long Tian Shang tore off his flesh piece by piece and gulped them down. Only a quarter of an hour later, the thin man stopped moving and left for the other world.

Yang Kai stepped forward and stood beside Long Tian Shang, who was still eating the raw flesh. Upon sensing an aura approaching him, Long Tian Shang immediately turned around and howled.

Following that, Yang Kai landed a palm on him as the latter turned into ashes and scattered into the wind.

Then, Yang Kai waved his hand, after which a few figures appeared out of nowhere. They were Li Jiao and the others who had been kept in the Small Sealed World. This time, he had even released Lu Yu Qin. Although Lu Yu Qin’s cultivation was low, she should be safe in this place with Lu San Niang taking care of her.

Upon seeing the horrible sight around them, Li Jiao and the others were stunned. When they saw Yang Kai’s gloomy expression, they felt their chests tightening, as they wondered who had offended him because he appeared to be in a bad mood now.

“Brother Li, there’s something I need all of you to help me with.”

Li Jiao straightened his face and replied, “Brother Yang, just tell us what you want us to do.”

“Help me take back this Cultivation Star.” Yang Kai pointed at the ground beneath him. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Water Moon Star was the Home Star of Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce as well as the place where Xue Yue grew up, so it mustn’t remain in the hands of those from the Grand Desolation Star Field. Given Yang Kai’s strength, he was able to retrieve the Star with ease, but he wasn’t willing to keep dawdling.

So, he thought that he could seek help from Li Jiao and the others. Otherwise, it’d be quite boring for them to keep staying in the Sealed World Bead.

“Sure,” Li Jiao directly agreed to it.

He already had a full understanding of the powers of those cultivators in the Star Field. Given his Third-Order Emperor Realm strength, it was like a walk in the park for him to do such a thing. Moreover, he had the help of Lu San Niang, He Yun Xiang, Ruan Bi Ting, and the Embodiment.

Although the Cultivation Star was massive, they could settle everything in half a month if they split up and carried out this task.

“If there’s anything you don’t understand, just ask my Embodiment. He’ll tell you who our friends and enemies are.”

“Good!”

As the others stayed behind to come up with a plan, Yang Kai and Liu Yan directly stepped into the palace that was in the middle of the city. Earlier, there were some cultivators from Grand Desolation Star Field in the palace, but they were just observing the battle from afar. Seeing that their Masters had been killed ruthlessly, they knew that they were confronted by a formidable enemy, so they had all fled.

Yang Kai went straight into the palace without coming across any hurdles and soon he reached a square where he found the Space Array he had arranged in the past.

The Space Array wasn’t destroyed, but the connections to many places had been cut off. Moreover, given Yang Kai’s needs now, this Space Array was dated and insufficient.

After that, he spent half a day with Liu Yan to restructure the array and reconnect it to Monster Emperor Star and Shadowed Star. Following that, they left Water Moon Star and headed in a particular direction.

Sensing Yang Kai’s anxiety, Liu Yan took his hand and said, “Lady Yue is definitely safe.”

Yang Kai forced a smile, “If Xue Yue has really gone to that place, her safety isn’t an issue.”

“Master, you know where she is now?”

Yang Kai nodded his head, “Yes, I think I know where she is.”

The Cultivation Star in this direction where there was also a Star Master must be Tong Xuan Realm. The Star Master of Tong Xuan Realm was Xia Ning Chang, and Xue Yue was aware of it as well.

Since Water Moon Star had fallen, there were only three places she could go; Shadowed Star, Monster Emperor Star and Tong Xuan Realm.

Shadowed Star was too far away, so she wouldn’t consider that option, as no one knew whether they’d come across any danger while navigating through the Starry Sky. Although Monster Emperor Star was nearer to them, it was a Star where the Monster Race ruled, after all. Moreover, they didn’t have a Star Master, so it wasn’t safe either.

Given Xue Yue’s intellect, there was only one place she would choose to go. She must have gone to Tong Xuan Realm to look for Xia Ning Chang. Apart from seeking her help, she could also help increase the strength of Tong Xuan Realm’s defence.

Liu Yan gave it a thought and figured out where Xue Yue was as well. She said, “Since that’s the case, why are you so worried?”

Yang Kai replied, “Tong Xuan Realm is unlike other Cultivation Stars. In the past, it had shown signs of its World Energy being exhausted. If it weren’t because Little Senior Sister took the risk to refine its Star Source, bringing back some vitality to it, Tong Xuan Realm would have continued to degenerate into a Dead Star. I’m not worried about Xue Yue, but about my Little Senior Sister.”

If the cultivators from Grand Desolation Star Field decided to go all out to deal with Tong Xuan Realm, it would be disastrous for the Star even though Xia Ning Chang was around; after all, Tong Xuan Realm hadn’t restored all its vitality. If it was devastated by wars, it’d be akin to adding salt to injuries. If its World Energy was exhausted again, Xia Ning Chang, as its Star Master, would be affected as well. By then, it would be impossible to bring her back to life once she died.

The fates of the Star Master and their Cultivation Star were intertwined. If any one of them was destroyed, the other would also suffer. This was no laughing matter.

After some calculation, Yang Kai realised that it had been a few years since Xue Yue fled to Tong Xuan Realm. There was no way that those from Grand Desolation Star Field had done nothing these past few years. They must have done everything they could to destroy Tong Xuan Realm, so Yang Kai was worried that Xia Ning Chang wasn’t able to resist the enemies on her own for a long time. That was the fundamental reason behind his anxiety.

Upon understanding the reason, Liu Yan stopped talking. Her eyes, which were now filled with murderous intent, suddenly started burning with flames.

It was thanks to Yang Kai that she was reborn; moreover, with his help, she was able to keep growing her power until now. If it weren’t for Yang Kai, she would still be an Artifact Spirit that was trapped in the Earth Lung Fire Pond. Maybe she’d be able to obtain a real body for herself one day, but that would only happen thousands and even tens of thousands of years later. So, Yang Kai was the world to her. Whoever had the guts to displease him, she would let that person have a taste of a Phoenix’s wrath.