Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 33 - Origin of Yang

Now Vitality → World Qi

But the True Yang Tactics were different. When you cultivated your Yang World Qi to the limit, your World Qi would condense into a liquid form and merge with your dantian. This would cause your meridians to empty, thereby allowing you to continue to cultivate World Qi. In other words, if you practised this secret art, there would be no limit to the amount you could cultivate, however you needed Yang qi to be able to practise it without any limit.

This was the second difference. With these differences and the origin of the True Yang Tactics, it clearly displayed how this skill was far from ordinary.

When he started to cultivate his Yang qi, he would be able to use his liquified Yang qi to attack.

Contemplating for a while, Kai Yang decided to cultivate the True Yang Tactics.

Firstly, it was because he had no other alternatives and also had no more contribution points, as a result he was unable to obtain any martial skills from the Main Gate. Secondly, it was because he had great confidence in anything that came from the black book. The skills obtained from the Main Gate may not even be comparable to the True Yang Tactics.

As for the training environment, it wasn’t anything to be concerned about. The sun also had a Yang attribute, so as long as there was sunlight, he would be able to cultivate the True Yang Tactics. It was just that the efficiency would be quite low.

Afterall, the sun had to shine over an enormous area of land and given it was providing this in the form of a equally large expanse of light. How much of this could a human possibly absorb?

With his decision finalised, Kai Yang walked out of his hut and found a patch of sunlight. Sitting down, he closed his eyes, and imagined the path for the True Yang Tactics. Concentrating, he began to focus and control the thin strand of World Qi within in his dantian and direct it according to the path from the True Yang Tactics.

For everything, the beginning was the most difficult part; this saying was not wrong at all. Kai Yang could connect himself to that thin strand of World Qi, but to take it and let it travel through his meridians was difficult beyond measure.

Under the blazing sun, he trained for the entire day and only increased the thin strand of World Qi by a tiny bit and the travelling speed of his World Qi was as slow as a turtle. But in the end it was the first time he attempted it, so to have this result already caused Kai Yang to be very pleased.

This was a cumulative type of training and was not something that could be completed overnight. But in regards to this, Kai Yang was in no way lacking of patience.

After three days of hard work, Kai Yang finally managed to guide his World Qi from his dantian to his chest meridian. With a single thought, the small and considerably weak strand of World Qi surged up from within his chest and surged around his chestal acupoint.

Following the black book, he knew he must first establish his Origin of Yang. This was the first step to cultivating the True Yang Tactics.

This Origin of Yang had no other use apart from assisting him in sensing the Yang qi around him. All in all, Kai Yang’s strength was far too low and he still had yet to form his own divine sense, thus he was completely unable to probe the area around him to find a dense Yang qi area.

However, with his Origin of Yang established this would no longer be a problem. As long as this was created, then within a certain area, he would be able to pick up even the faintest hints of Yang qi.

With his strand of World Qi moving non-stop within his chest area, Kai Yang’s face became tense, he could not allow the slightest carelessness. To form his Origin of Yang was a very complicated and meticulous task, if there was any errors in the forming process, than all his previous work would go down the drain and Kai Yang would need to start over again.

One hour passed, two hours passed and Kai Yang who had been sitting under the sun the entire time was soaked from head to toe in his sweat. Given the length of time he had been sweating for his body naturally began to show signs of dehydration; his lips had even turned pale, but Kai Yang’s face remained firm. He continued to spur that strand of World Qi to revolve around his chest acupoint with no signs of irritability or discouragement.

Without knowing how much time had passed, Kai Yang suddenly felt a strange sensation from his chest and a piercing pain followed like a red hot iron had been pressed upon his skin.

Abruptly, Kai Yang opened his eyes and clenched his teeth.

This pain came fast and left just as fast. It only occurred for the time it took you to blink, then his chest returned to normal. In fact, it even felt cool and refreshed, but his brain was still reeling from the severe pain and wouldn’t allow him to forget about it that easily.

Faintly, Kai Yang felt that something extra had appeared in his chest, but when he looked down there was nothing there.

Was the Origin of Yang formed? Creasing his eyebrows, Kai Yang began to contemplate. The Origin should have been successfully formed, it was just formed within his central chest acupoint, so he couldn’t see it physically.

Since the Origin of Yang had formed, then it should have some reaction with the Yang qi. Why couldn’t he sense it?

Could it be that in this area, there was no dense areas of Yang qi?

Keeping this thought in mind, Kai Yang stood up and walked towards the centre of Sky Tower. As he walked, he paid careful attention to any movement within his chest.

He hadn’t been walking for long when a warm feeling spread out from his chest. Kai Yang’s expression jolted in surprise!

It seems that this was the case. The Origin of Yang had been successfully formed and the reason why it had displayed no reaction earlier was because there was hardly any Yang qi around. Now there was a reaction, it meant that there was area with dense Yang qi in the vicinity. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Kai Yang’s face revealed his excitement, in order to cultivate the True Yang Tactics, there were very harsh requirements. If the density of Yang qi was high, then the speed you would be able to cultivate would also be faster. Looking back at how Kai Yang had relied on the sun’s Yang qi, the speed would inherently be slow due to the low density.

Follow his Origin of Yang’s perception, Kai Yang madly ran and soon entered a room.

As soon as he entered, a very familiar voice sounded: “Eh, little Kai Yang, why did you come over here at such a time?”

Lifting up his head, Kai Yang saw that it was Treasurer Meng behind his counter looking at him strangely.

I turned out that this place was the Contribution Hall!

Glancing at Treasure Meng, then glancing over at the back hall, Kai Yang rolled his eyes! The origin of the Yang qi was clear, it was most definitely originating from something Yang attributed in the Contribution Hall’s stock.

But......but this was the Contribution Hall, so if he wanted that object, then he could only obtain it by exchanging contribution points for it. Kai Yang’s current balance was zero, for all of his points had been exchanged for the Three Leaved Chaos Spirit Flower and the Dead Jedi Tree Grass herbs!

Understanding this point, Kai Yang became very disappointed. He didn’t even bother to answer Treasurer Meng’s question and only lowered his head dejectedly and trudged out.

“What’s your problem?” Old man Meng also became gloomy.

Walking aimlessly around Sky Tower, the Origin of Yang would occasionally have a reaction and lead him to Yang qi dense areas. But these Yang qi dense areas were either domains of powerful people or they were already in someone’s bag.

Kai Yang even thought about disguising himself to steal one from them, but when he looked at his small and weak physique, then looked at their strength, Kai Yang could only dispel these thoughts.

Although he was unable to obtain these Yang attributed treasures, Kai Yang was not left without some gain. Through his many experiments and constant use, Kai Yang’s Origin of Yang could now sense any Yang qi within five hundred feet of himself.

Once his search range reached the distance of five hundred feet, he could no longer increase it. It was probably related to his own strength. Once he stepped into the next stage, this area would most likely increase again.

After two or three hours of walking hurriedly around Sky Tower, Kai Yang had almost visited all the places, apart from some forbidden areas. Kai Yang had come up with no results, but thinking back, anything that the Origin of Yang could sense was most likely quite valuable. Since they were quite valuable, would they just be lying around on the road for him to find? Kai Yang’s childish ideas were really too funny.

Should he make another trip to Black Wind Mountains? The mountain range should have some Yang attributed things right?

Just as he was considering the feasibility of this idea, the Origin of Yang within his chest heated up. Kai Yang ended up following his Origin of Yang almost by reflex, and he began walking in that direction.