Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3835 – Another One Came

Translator: Silavin & Danny Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Since the Soul Warming Lotus reacted like this, it proved that the old man definitely used some kind of Soul Technique on him in that moment. Yang Kai did not understand how it happened, it could be because of the old man’s high Realm and skill, or it could be due to the effect of the round bowl, but if he had not been protected by the Soul Warming Lotus, he could not imagine what would have happened just now.

Sure enough, nothing came for free in the world. The old man kept saying that he would not force anyone to join the great force behind him, but judging from his current behaviour, Yang Kai strongly believed that he may not end well if he rejected the old man’s offer.

But since Yang Kai was already here, there was no way for him to just leave now. Moreover, Yang Kai desperately wanted to travel somewhere with many people to get information. His understanding of the Outer Universe was only limited to the information disclosed by Zhang Ruo Xi before, and he was clueless about anything else as he had just entered this world. It would be good if he could follow the old man to join a great force, then gather information carefully before making further plans.

On the other hand, Yang Kai was hoping that Zhang Ruo Xi could be attracted to this place too. Since Ruo Xi was swallowed by the Myriad Facets Insects with him at the same time, if luck was on their side, she may appear at a place not so far away, and might be led here by the old man’s summon too.

If so, they could reunite.

Thinking this way, Yang Kai was no longer worried. He simply let go of his concerns and devoured the World Energy around him.

The three Humans and one Monster nearby acted like him too. Although Yang Kai did not know which Universe Worlds they all came from, it was obvious that they each came from different places. There were many differences in details from their clothing. However, no matter which Small World they came from, by the hungry looks of them for cultivation, they clearly had not stayed in a place with such a good cultivation environment before.

After what had happened earlier, Yang Kai suspected that these four people had already been influenced by the old man’s Secret Technique and were now obeying his commands.

The old man kept the same posture, holding a bowl in one hand, gently drumming it with the other hand. The invisible inspiration continued to spread into the world from this Small Universe, attracting more newcomers.

This was a bit like fishing, and the willing ones took the bait. If the person who perceived the inspiration did not have much curiosity or was paranoid enough, they would not come here.

Time flowed freely. Although the Small Universe was also a world, it was somewhere between ethereal and corporeal, and it would not be as wondrous as a true Universe World. The sun, moon, and stars were absent, and the scenery was invariable. By the look of it, it probably had something to do with the old man’s state of mind.

After an unknown amount of time, which Yang Kai estimated to be at least a year, the old man, still holding the bowl, smiled, “Where did this little friend come from? Forgive this Old Master for greeting you from afar. Please come in.”

It was the exact same speech as that of when Yang Kai arrived, not a single word was changed. When Yang Kai heard this, he knew that a newcomer was here. He could not help being excited, secretly hoping that it would be Zhang Ruo Xi.

Like him, the other four people who had been cultivating opened their eyes.

The next moment, a crisp and pleasant voice sounded, “Where are you, sneaky fellow? Show yourself!”

It was a woman’s voice, but it sounded quite young.

The old man laughed, “This Old Master is not a sneaky fellow. This Old Master is here, it is just that Young Lady cannot see me. Please come in.”

The woman outside the door squealed, “Why should I listen to you? This Young Lady doesn’t want to enter!” After a pause, she asked, “Are you in this door?” From the tone of the question, one could imagine that she was looking around the door curiously.

“Good!” The old man nodded.

“Then come out and talk. I’ll wait for you outside the door.”

The old man chuckled, “Young Lady is quite vigilant.”

“Hmph, it’s necessary to be careful. I don’t even know who you are. Why should I enter easily?”

“You’re right.” The old man smiled. While talking, he suddenly formed his hand into a hand seal, “However, this Old Master insists on inviting Young Lady in.”

When the words fell, there was an exclamation outside the door, followed by the woman’s scolding, “Bastard, how dare you... Ahhh!”

After her shout, a wave of ripples permeated around the old man, followed by the appearance of a graceful figure. It was the woman who refused to enter the door earlier. She ended up being dragged in by the Old Master’s unknown method.

Yang Kai understood the situation. As long as one was led by the old man’s inspiration, whether they were willing or not, they had to enter the door and come to this Small Universe. Everything would go smoothly if one was willing; otherwise, they would be dragged in forcefully. A harmless smile was plastered on the old man’s face, but in fact, he was clearly quite domineering. In short, he was using his strength to bully the weak.

Yang Kai could not help raising his vigilance.

The woman seemed to have a hot temper and after being dragged in, a curtain of water immediately circulated around her. As soon as she raised her hand, the boundless water curtain turned into a white silk that shot towards the old man.

A gust of wind blew and joined itself with the white silk to form a rushing river. Yang Kai raised his brow and could not help praising this young woman in his heart.

How was this a real piece of white silk? It was clearly refined from a river. The rushing force contained a boundless Water Element that splashed everywhere wantonly.

“Impudence!” The four people who had been sitting upright on the reefs since before Yang Kai’s arrival rebuked in unison, and rushed out together. The burly man swung his fists, the dignified woman took out a sword, the naive boy took out a treasure like a slingshot loaded with a stone, while the twin horned Monster roared and turned into a tiger-like being.

Yang Kai was dumbfounded!

Nevertheless, he quickly regained his senses, jumped off the reef and sent the woman a palm-strike.

The young woman’s face turned pale. Obviously, she did not expect to be besieged by so many people as soon as she entered this place. Although she was also a Master on the level of a Great Emperor and had condensed her own Dao Seal, all the others present were on par with her. It would be a draw even if it was a one-on-one fight, let alone one against five.

The white silk that was pumped out was immediately withdrawn and turned into a water curtain wrapping around her.

Following after a rumbling sound, the water curtain shattered and the young woman fell out of her wall of defense, the blood drained from her face.

A Master as strong as a Great Emperor, was now sitting on the ground with tears in her eyes, covering her rear with her hands, looking helpless as she cried, “You... You’re all bullies!”

She looked like a child who lost a fight…

Yang Kai wanted to laugh, but he did not find it to be appropriate.

“You are all bullies just because you have numbers on your side!” The young woman sat on the ground, unable to get up, glaring at Yang Kai and the rest before finally fixing her eyes on the old man and shouting, “Fight me alone with me if you have the courage!”

The old man maintained his smile, however, and asked, “Young Lady, do you really want to fight alone with me?”

“Yes, just you and me, don’t involve them!” The young woman stretched out her hand and pointed one by one on Yang Kai and the others.

The old man shook his head gradually, “You are no match for this Old Master.”

“How can you be sure before we fight?” The young woman looked unconvinced.

“Then, do you want to try?” The old man teased her with great interest.

“Of course I want to try!” The woman clenched her teeth and clamoured. There was still nothing unusual when she uttered the first word, but when she finished the last word, she had rushed in front of the old man, as vigorous as a tiger. Her slender palm turned crystal clear, a mysterious power fluctuating around it as it slammed towards the old man.

A smile still on his face, the old man just looked at her quietly and without doing anything, lightly spoke, “Solidify!”

The woman was instantly stiffened in front of the old man, completely immobilized. It seemed that she had only realized the huge gap between her and the old man now and her face turned pale involuntarily, her long lashes trembling endlessly.

“Do you want to try again?” The old man challenged.

The young woman blinked her eyes, and became exceptionally obedient, “I dare not.”

“If you don’t dare, stop.” The old man waved his hand.

As soon as he said this, the young woman immediately regained her freedom. Her offensive momentum did not stop at once, and her whole body swiftly charged forward. She quickly bent her knees and half-knelt on the ground, with her fists cupping, “Junior was na?ve and thought that she was invincible in this world. Today, I have realized there are actually people beyond people after meeting Senior. Please accept this Junior as a Disciple. This Disciple will be respectful and filial to Master in the future!”

Her movements were slick and neat, without a single unnecessary motion. Her speech was also notably smooth, as if she had said it countless times before, but her look was extremely sincere.

Everyone present, including the old man, were shocked by the young woman’s behavior.

Yang Kai was also dumbstruck and asked himself, [Who is this girl? Earlier, she was still yelling rudely in front of him, so how did she turn so quickly to worship the old man in the blink of an eye? This change of heart is a little too drastic...]

On the contrary, the burly man and Monster Race youth showed looks of regret after regaining their senses.

The dignified woman also seemed to be moved, but the na?ve boy looked like he did not care at all.

There was dead silence, as if someone had performed a petrification technique; only the sound of the lapping waves remained.

Suddenly, the old man laughed and stretched out his hand to hold the young woman’s arm, “This Old Master is grateful to see your sincerity; however, we will talk about the matter being this Old Master’s Disciple later. This Old Master does not know much about your character or aptitude yet, so I will still need to observe you more in the future. If you match this Old Master’s requirements, I will consider accepting you as my Disciple.”

The woman was overjoyed, “Future Disciple thanks Master in advance!”

“What is your name?”

The woman replied with a grin, “Disciples name is Ah Sun.”

“Where are you from?”

Ah Sun shook her head, “This Disciple has no idea. The world where this disciple came from has been shattered. This Disciple is the only living survivor from that place.” Her eyes became full of sadness as she spoke.

“Everything comes to an end, even the world. Don’t mind it too much. Now that you have jumped out of the shackles of the Inner Universe, you will see a vaster world, isn’t it better than being confined to one place?”

“Master is right!” Ah Sun nodded repeatedly with a happy face, “Ah Sun’s home is gone, so in the future, Master’s home will be Ah Sun’s home.”

The old man did not respond to her, but turned to the others, “Well, we have an appropriate number now, so let us return.”

Hearing what he said, Yang Kai and the others were delighted. Although the cultivation environment here was good, since all of them had leapt out of their respective Universe Worlds, they naturally wanted to explore more of this vast sky. They were looking forward to leaving this place, and following the old man to the force behind him.