Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3875

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

"Good, the first thing I did after I came back to the orchard yesterday was to count the number of Spirit Fruits, and found that one was missing. I found where it had gone missing from and determined it had been taken away less than two hours before. When I was worried about what to do, the Head Manager and his people had already arrived nearby and I didn't have time to find out the truth anymore. Sir also witnessed what happened later. This Yang was almost doomed."

Du Ru Feng narrowed his eyes. A flicker of cold light in the narrow slit of his eyes as he asked, "Do you mean it has something to do with Zhou Zheng?"

"This Yang dares not to comment rashly before it is confirmed, but if you will allow, I wish to have Sir Du witness a good show!"

"Good show?"

…

After a stick of incense, Yang Kai landed in another plot of the orchard, directly in front of two people.

The reactions of the two were completely opposite. One greeted him with joy, while the other's face changed slightly and took a step back, looking at Yang Kai with a horrified and confused look.

"Little Brother, are you alright?" Old Fang looked up and down at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai did not look at him, but stared at Xiang Yong instead and chuckled, "Frightened but not hurt. Didn't I send you a message before?"

Old Fang remarked, "I was still worried until I saw you with my own eyes. Seeing as you're fine, I'm not worried anymore." He paused for a while before he continued, "Why are you here, Little Brother?"

Yang Kai grinned, "Can't I visit you when I'm free?"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Visit me?" Old Fang was confused. [If you came to visit me, why are you only staring at Xiang Yong?] Instinctively, he felt that there should be something wrong between them. He then turned to Xiang Yong, who avoided eye contact and looked guilty for some reason, making Old Fang sure that there was indeed some problem.

"Brother Xiang, it has only been a few days since we last saw each other, why are we strangers now?" Yang Kai looked at Xiang Yong with a cold smile.

Xiang Yong's face turned vicious, "Does Father here know you very well? We are not close to each other in the first place!"

"That's true. Brother Xiang and I truly are not close, but why is Brother Xiang so surprised to see me today?"

"Surprised? I'm not surprised!" Xiang Yong waved his hand as he yelled, "Father here was just born with big eyes!"

"Really?" Yang Kai chuckled, "To be honest with Brother Xiang, Head Manager came to my place yesterday and inspected my plot."

Xiang Yong widened his eyes, "Head Manager went there?"

"Brother Xiang seems to be very concerned about me!"

"What should Father here be concerned about? I was just wondering. You don't need to tell if you don't want to!" Xiang Yong snorted coldly and sat down on the ground, leaning against a fruit tree, crossed his arms and leaning sideways to nap.

"Did the Head Manager really go to your place?" Old Fang looked nervous. It was not a good thing to be inspected by the Head Manager. The Workers would not be rewarded for taking good care of the orchard for it was their duty, but if they did a bad job, they would be punished; therefore, no Worker would hope for the Head Manager to visit his own territory and wished that he would just fly past them. Nevertheless, there would always be some unlucky ones every time the Head Manager came. Yang Kai was truly unlucky. Out of hundreds of Workers in the orchard, the Head Manager picked him. Even if there were no mistakes, they would still find a way to nitpick.

"Did he do anything to you?"

"I almost never saw Brother Fang again." Yang Kai sighed with fear.

Old Fang was taken aback, "What happened? Why was it so serious?"

Yang Kai answered solemnly, "I lost a Fire Spirit Fruit from my plot!"

Old Fang's face turned pale at once, "Little Brother, this is no joke! You may really die! You're a newcomer, and although I told you a lot of rules in the orchard, you may not realize the consequences of losing a Spirit Fruit. Let me tell you this, the life of us Workers is not more valuable than a single Spirit Fruit!"

"I know, I know." Yang Kai kept nodding, "It's a great sin to lose the Spirit Fruits! Head Manager attempted to arrest me on the spot, and even Sir Du's pleas did not work."

"Then how did you…" Old Fang was befuddled. [If Du Ru Feng's plea was useless, how could Yang Kai still be standing here? What happened to him later?]

With a grin, Yang Kai stretched out his finger and pointed at Great General on his head, "Great General saved me at the last moment. He spat out a fruit pit from his mouth and the truth was revealed."

Old Fang blinked and understood, "So, the Spirit Fruit was eaten by Great General?"

"Exactly. Otherwise, how could there be a fruit missing from my plot for no reason? Who dares to steal it!?"

"This Old Master was almost scared to death!" Old Fang let out a sigh of relief. Even though he knew that Yang Kai had certainly overcome the disaster since he was standing here, he could not help being frightened when he heard the whole story.

"Why did Great General do such a thing?" Old Fang looked at Yang Kai's head, bewildered.

"How should I know that? Maybe he wanted some variety after eating too many worms. However, although Great General caused this, he turned the situation around for me in the end, so I'm still thankful to him. Old Fang, do you have any Jade Fire Silkworm here?"

"Just a few, not many of them."

"Bring them all!"

After receiving the Jade Fire Silkworms from Old Fang, Yang Kai did not stay any longer and just left.

Up in the sky, light flowed like a curtain of water as Du Ru Feng concealed himself and witnessed everything. His position was less than three hundred meters away from Old Fang, but he was not spotted by Old Fang during the entire conversation.

Just after Yang Kai left, he suddenly reached out and performed a hand seal. The light curtain fluttered slightly and Yang Kai flashed in quietly from the outside.

"Will they take the bait for such a poor performance?" Du Ru Feng raised a brow.

Yang Kai grinned, "The quality of the play depends on who is watching it. If it was someone like Old Fang, he wouldn't be fooled, but it won't be the same case for Xiang Yong, who is recklessness incarnate. Wait and see. If it's exactly as I guessed, he will certainly take action."

Du Ru Feng questioned, "What if you're wrong?"

"Does Sir want to punish me?"

"Not really, but I don't have so much time to spend here. I will give you half a day. If we still don't see results in that time, I will consider this matter settled."

"Good, half a day then!" Yang Kai could not disagree with him, let alone bargain, so he turned around and asked curiously, "Sir, this artifact is quite interesting. If we really successfully bait the culprit out of hiding, can this be used to hide our traces while trailing them?"

Du Ru Feng answered proudly, "This artifact was granted to this Du by Venerable himself, it's called the Shadowless Veil. Third-Order and below Open Heaven Realm Masters can't see through it, even if it were Open Heaven Realm Masters that are above Third-Order, as long as they don't search carefully, we can fool them too."

Yang Kai could not help but click his tongue. It must feel good to have a backer as one did not need to worry about being promoted to the Open Heaven Realm. Du Ru Feng had a lot of treasures like the Sky Seizing Net and Shadowless Veil while Yang Kai had to struggle with all his wisdom and courage just to obtain a small title like Orchard Manager.

As he was talking, Yang Kai's face suddenly brightened, "The fish took the bait."

Below, Xiang Yong, who was supposedly having a nap slowly opened his eyes. He looked around for a while, stood up, looking serious and hesitant, as if he had encountered a difficult decision.

After hesitating for a long time, Xiang Yong made up his mind and turned around as he shouted, "Old Fang, take good care of my trees for me!"

Saying so, without waiting for Old Fang's response, Xiang Yong rose straight to the sky and by the looks of his direction, he was heading to the center of the orchard.

Under the Shadowless Veil, Yang Kai and Du Ru Feng exchanged looks, "I'm afraid it's really as what you said." Du Ru Feng remarked.

Yang Kai replied, "We will find out soon, Sir."

Du Ru Feng stopped talking and under the cover of the Shadowless Veil followed quietly behind Xiang Yong. Xiang Yong turned back many times during the flight, but he did not see anything.

Not long after, a high and strange looking summit appeared before them, like a sword stabbed into the ground. The scenery on the summit was good while it was surrounded by the orchards below. A rare solitary mountain.

There was a main hall on high summit, which was the place where the Orchard Manager usually lived and worked. There were Workers going in and out from time to time, and it was obvious that they all came to see Zhou Zheng.

Zhou Zheng liked to work in the pavilion at the edge of the mountain outside the main hall where he could see all the orchard below, giving him a feeling that everything was under his control.

At the moment, the number of Workers who came to Zhou Zheng was not many; after all, there could not be any serious matter in the orchard, and even if there were a problem, the Workers would want to solve it by themselves. They would only come to Zhou Zheng for help when they failed to solve these problems.

Xiang Yong did not go straight away to Zhou Zheng when he arrived. Probably because he also felt a little guilty. He waited for two hours before going forward when all the other Workers had left.

Inside the pavilion, Zhou Zheng asked without lifting his head, "What is it?"

"Manager Zhou!" Xiang Yong shouted in a buzzing voice.

Zhou Zheng's face changed and he looked up and saw that it was Xiang Yong. He immediately looked around and gritted his teeth, "Why are you here? Didn't I tell you not to come to me during this time?"

Xiang Yong twisted his neck, "I didn't want to bother Manager Zhou, but there's one thing that I really don't understand. I'd like to ask Manager Zhou to solve my doubts."

"What is it that is so important?" Zhou Zheng's face turned ugly.

"About Yang Kai..."

"Shut up!" Zhou Zheng immediately got up. After glaring at Xiang Yong for a time, he bellowed, "Come with me!" He led the way with his hands behind his back, striding towards the main hall.

Xiang Yong scratched his head and kept up with him.

The two entered the hall one after another where Zhou Zheng waved his token and activated the barrier. Then, he turned around and glared at Xiang Yong, "Are you crazy? How dare you dare mention that outside? Don't you know that the walls have ears? If someone overheard you, not just you, even this King would not escape death!"

Xiang Yong pressed on, "But Sir Manager said before that as long as I followed your instructions, Yang Kai would die without a doubt! I've followed your plan, risking my life, so why is the bastard still safe!?"

Zhou Zheng frowned, "How do you know that? Did you see Yang Kai?"