Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4228

Chapter 4228 – Refining the Yang Element

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The group of four from First Inn said their goodbyes to the old man of Red Clouds Auction House under the leadership of the Proprietress. Yang Kai walked along the streets in a good mood, trying hard to suppress his excitement.

Old Bai turned to look at Yang Kai, “Laugh if you want to. Why do you have to hold it in so painfully?”

Yang Kai immediately burst into laughter, causing other people to look sideways at him repeatedly as though thinking that this person had problems with his head.

The Proprietress pursed her lips, “I’m very curious about what you added into your bid at the ending that made Ye Jian so happy that he immediately decided to trade with you.”

Yang Kai shook his head lightly, “Proprietress, you are so beautiful and intelligent. Why don’t you take a guess?”

She reached out and flicked a finger at his forehead angrily, “Are you trying to test me?”

To which he replied unhappily, “Proprietress, I’m an adult. You can talk, but you should not resort to violence so often, okay?”

The moment the words left his mouth, her leg flew out from under her skirt to kick him in the calf. He immediately staggered and lost his balance. For a moment, he grimaced in pain and clutched at his leg while hopping around in agony.

She smiled lightly, “You first used the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill to impress Ye Jian. That’s what made him choose you. Judging by his actions, he cherishes his Son, Ye Zi Ying, very much. Otherwise, he would not have declined the offer from Red Clouds Auction House. I’m guessing that the item you offered at the last moment was also something that will be useful for Ye Zi Ying.”

Yang Kai and Yue He looked at each other, then Yang Kai gave the Proprietress a thumbs up.

“Ye Zi Ying’s problem is very simple. It’s a case of forcibly condensing Sixth-Order Elements despite not having enough aptitude, which caused his Dao Seal to become unstable as a result. He will face a huge risk during his advancement. While the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill can alleviate this situation a little, it cannot guarantee that he will succeed in his advancement. In that case, what you brought out… can also increase the success rate of his advancement?”

While saying so, the Proprietress smiled slightly, “But, precious treasures that can increase the success rate of advancing into the Open Heaven Realm are extremely rare throughout the vast universe. Normal people will never get the opportunity to come across these items. Nevertheless, you have one such item in your possession. So, I’m guessing that it is probably World Source Liquid.”

There was a slight pause, after which she frowned deeply, “That’s not right. The Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill is a Spirit Pill refined from World Source Liquid so they will have the same effect. Moreover, the effects will be stronger with the refined Spirit Pill. If I were Ye Jian, I would not have been interested in World Source Liquid since I already have the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill in my possession; after all, these things do not work under the principle of ‘the more the better’ for a cultivator. Under the premise that the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill works, World Source Liquid will not further improve the success rate of Ye Zi Ying’s advancement.”

Yang Kai nodded, “It’s not the World Source Liquid. Has Proprietress ever heard of the Divine Dao Water?”

“Divine Dao Water!?” She was taken aback by those words and stared at him in astonishment, “You actually have Divine Dao Water in your possession?”

She was very well-informed, so it was only natural that she knew about Divine Dao Water.

The Divine Dao Water that he possessed was something Zhu Jiu Yin had given to him in the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary in order for him to strengthen his Dao Seal. Back then, he had used around a dozen drops to fortify his Dao Seal to its limit, but he still had some remaining. It was the perfect item to trade with Ye Jian for the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng.

“Ye Zi Ying’s Dao Seal is unstable. Compared to the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill, the effect of the Divine Dao Water will be more suitable for his situation.” The Proprietress was enlightened by the realization, “No wonder Ye Jian lost his composure and laughed so heartily. So that’s how it is.” Then, she glanced at him again, “You brat. You sure obtained quite a lot of good stuff in the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary.”

Yang Kai just grinned meaningfully in response.

Old Bai sighed, “Now that Ye Zi Ying has the Divine Dao Water to strengthen his Dao Seal, all his worries have been eliminated. Furthermore, he also has the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill to aid in his advancement into the Open Heaven Realm. It looks like Thunderclap Hall will have an additional Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master in the near future!”

The Proprietress nodded, “Thunderclap Hall has always been one of the top Second-Class great forces in the first place. Once Ye Zi Ying becomes a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, the strength of Thunderclap Hall will soar once more. Not to mention… Ye Zi Ying is different from Ye Jian. He advanced into the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm directly, so he has the possibility of growing into an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master in the future. He will be much stronger than his Father.”

Bai Qi was very envious, “Thunderclap Hall is flourishing now. Ye Jian sure received a great bargain.”

Similarly, Yang Kai was also very envious. Thanks to him, Ye Zi Ying would now have a bright and promising future. [When will I be able to advance into the Open Heaven Realm? I managed to obtain the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng by chance today, so the problem regarding the Yang Element has been solved. But, what about the remaining Yin and Metal Elements? Maybe I should head to Golden Antelope Paradise to try my luck with a Metal Element treasure.]

When he first arrived in the 3,000 Worlds, Zhang Ruo Xi once told him that Golden Antelope Paradise was the only Paradise that was open to all cultivators. There was a Sealed World inside Golden Antelope Paradise and any cultivator was able to enter it as long as they were willing to pay a certain entrance fee.

There was a high possibility that he could find something like the Golden Blade Yuan Spirit inside the Sealed World. The Golden Blade Yuan Spirit was a Fifth-Order Metal Element treasure. Zhang Ruo Xi also mentioned that one could even find a Seventh-Order Metal Element treasure inside the Sealed World if they were lucky enough!

The reason she knew all this was that she had inherited the bloodline memories of her ancestor. As for how much one had to pay to enter the Sealed World, she did not say. It was probably not cheap.

On the other hand, it would be difficult to obtain a Yin Element treasure… Yin and Yang materials had always been scarcer and more valuable than those of the other Five Elements.

Take the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng that Yang Kai acquired for example. His initial bid was 220 million Open Heaven Pills, plus a Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill.

Although he paid 50 million Open Heaven Pills for the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill and its pill recipe, the true value of the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill was not that high. Even so, judging from the competition between Ye Jian and Teng Wang, the value of the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill could not be less than 20 million. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

In other words, Yang Kai’s initial bid was worth at least 240 million Open Heaven Pills! Be that as it may, the bids from Red Clouds Auction House and Senior Brother Guo were even more valuable than that.

Including the two drops of Divine Dao Water that Yang Kai added at the last moment, the total value of his bid was more than 260 million Open Heaven Pills, possibly even higher. If he had only used Open Heaven Pills to bid, he might not have been able to buy the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng even if he tossed out 300 million Open Heaven Pills! In the end, these items were not things that could be bought just because one had a lot of money.

Yang Kai secretly decided that if he failed to gain anything from the Blood Monster Cave Heaven, he would immediately set off for Golden Antelope Paradise. He was going to enter the Sealed World to try his luck. The only problem he now faced was that his existence had been exposed to the various Cave-Heavens and Paradises. There was no saying whether Golden Antelope Paradise would be hostile towards him.

At the moment, he was still far from advancing into the Open Heaven Realm; therefore, the Cave-Heavens and Paradises were not in a hurry to suppress him. They might even entertain the idea of trying to win him over, like what Senior Brother Guo had tried to do at first. In any case, there was no point in worrying about the future. His top priority at the moment was to refine his Yang Element Power as soon as possible. Everybody was aware that First Inn had obtained the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng, so there was no saying what kind of unexpected situation might occur if he did not refine it quickly.

After returning to First Inn, Yang Kai immediately asked the Proprietress for a secret room and went into retreat. All the barriers in the secret room were activated and there were two Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters like the Proprietress and Yue He standing guard nearby. Therefore, the defence could be said to be impregnable. In addition, nobody would dare to act recklessly in the Star City under the jurisdiction of Great Battle Heaven.

Yang Kai sat down cross-legged and focused his mind.

Three days later, his mind was empty, free from distractions, and as tranquil as an ancient well. Only then did he finally take the Heavenly Yin Jade Box out of his Space Ring. A sense of coolness instantly permeated the entire secret room. The Heavenly Yin Jade Box itself was a Fifth-Order material. It was worth quite a lot, but it was nothing compared to the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng contained inside.

When Ye Jian first brought out the Heavenly Yin Jade Box, the Proprietress had told Yang Kai that what he was looking for had appeared. She had probably guessed that an item held inside a box made from Fifth-Order material would not be something trivial. It was most likely a Seventh-Order material. In the end, it turned out that her guess was correct.

Yang Kai took the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng out of the jade box and studied the item carefully. He did not know how long the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng had lived as it had already begun to take on a humanoid shape, which made it look extremely lifelike and vivid. With the roots spread across its entire body, it was as thick as a baby’s arm and approximately a forearm in length. Furthermore, it was exuding an extraordinarily pure and potent Yang Element Power.

Without any hesitation whatsoever, he took a bite. The taste was ordinary, almost like he was chewing on a normal carrot. There was a sense of crunchiness, but it was nothing special and even tasted slightly astringent. It was hard to imagine that this was a precious treasure he spent 200 to 300 million Open Heaven Pills just to obtain.

Yang Kai took a few consecutive bites, but at his third, his expression suddenly changed and he quickly resealed the rest of the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng in the Heavenly Yin Jade Box. Just as he finished doing that, he felt a burst of pure Yang Element Power erupting in his belly. The eruption of power caused his internal organs to shift. Looking inward, he saw that his body was filled with a golden energy. More importantly, that energy was still expanding madly without pause. He had clearly eaten too much!

He immediately knew that things were not looking too good for him. Although he had experience refining several High-Rank materials in the past, he had never eaten a High-Rank material to refine before. It was his first time and his lack of experience had led to an unfavourable outcome. He immediately fell into a dangerous situation.

Even so, he did not panic. If he were a normal cultivator, Yang Kai might have been injured by this mighty Yang Element Power. Fortunately, he had an intrepid physique thanks to his Dragon Clan bloodline, so how could he be scared of something like this?

He immediately adjusted his breathing and focused his mind. Mobilising his strength, he guided the Yang Element Power that was surging like a tumultuous sea in his body to flow into his Dao Seal. At the same time, he separated a thread of his consciousness to circulate the Defying Yin-Yang Five Elements Profound Universe Heart Scripture to maintain the stability of his Dao Seal.

Cultivators had to follow a certain step-by-step procedure when refining the Yin, Yang, and Five Element Powers. In order to maintain the stability of their Dao Seals. However, with the Defying Yin-Yang Five Elements Profound Universe Heart Scripture, Yang Kai could ignore the specific sequence of Elements. The price he needed to pay was that he needed to devote a thread of his consciousness to circulate this Secret Art at all times; otherwise, his Dao Seal would become unstable and result in endless negative consequences.

In the past, he had skipped the Metal Element Power and proceeded to refine his Water Element directly. He had already separated a thread of his consciousness for that purpose. In the long-run, he was required to concentrate on two tasks at the same time no matter what he did. Now that he had refined the Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng, he would be required to concentrate on three tasks at the same time in the future.

Fortunately, his Soul was very powerful, so splitting his consciousness to do three things at once was nothing to him. Even so, it would place a heavy burden on his mind if things were to continue in this state for a long time. At some point, it would probably begin to affect his ability to engage in combat.

Under the guidance of his Dao Seal, the pure Yang Element Power slowly poured into his Dao Seal. The original four colours now had an additional faint golden radiance added. The golden colour gradually blended into his Dao Seal and complemented the other four existing colours. It was an extremely mysterious sight to behold.