Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4250 – The Final Stage

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The two of them had only just sat down for less than six hours. They were comprehending the Secret Art when they suddenly heard a loud laughter, “I did it! I comprehended it! Blood Monster Divine Monarch’s inheritance is mine!”

The wild laughter was extremely wanton and arrogant.

Affected by this disturbance, all the cultivators who were quietly comprehending the Secret Art under the stele involuntarily opened their eyes. They looked forward and saw the Great Thousand Blood Land disciple laughing maniacally with his head thrown back. The blood mist surrounding his body churned violently. It was terrifying to see. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

At this moment, he was laughing while striding towards the blood lake. His eyes were filled with a look of desire. As long as he could pass the final section of the blood lake, then he could arrive at the palace in the middle of the lake and get a glimpse of the inheritance!

A black mist suddenly surged forward and turned into a pitch-black python. The black python opened its mouth wide and lunged at him. It looked extremely lifelike. Moreover, it was overflowing with Demon Qi, making it all the more horrifying.

The man jumped in fright and hurriedly backed away. The blood mist around him shuddered, wriggling and changing to transform into a blood-coloured knife that came slashing down on the black python’s head.

The blood knife beheaded the black python, but before the Great Thousand Blood Land disciple could let out a breath of relief, the severed pieces of the black python suddenly exploded into countless tiny snakes. Their tongues flickered as they hissed and shot towards him like lightning.

He gave a roar and used both hands to send out Secret Techniques. The blood knife instantly turned into a thousand blades that he slashed out as he backed away.

Black snake after black snake was cut to pieces and dissipated as Demon Qi. The blood blades also vanished in a short time. By the time all the black snakes were beheaded, the blood mist surrounding the Great Thousand Blood Land disciple had weakened considerably. He abruptly turned around and glared in a certain direction, “Pei Wen Xuan, what’s the meaning of this!”

The attack just now had been too obvious. He didn’t even need to guess to know that the attack came from Pei Wen Xuan of Myriad Demons Heaven and he was both shocked and furious.

Pei Wen Xuan sat there motionlessly and stared at the Great Thousand Blood Land disciple coldly, “I just can’t stand the sight of you!”

The Great Thousand Blood Land disciple was absolutely livid. Unfortunately, his strength was lacking. He knew that he was not Pei Wen Xuan’s opponent, so he was forced to suppress his rage, “Brother Pei, this Zhou Yi will not forget your gift today and will be certain to return the favour in the future!”

The meaning behind his words clearly indicated that he would get his revenge one day.

After throwing out those harsh words, he moved to set out for the palace in the middle of the lake. He had only just started walking when he heard Pei Wen Xuan saying faintly, “I dare you to take a step forward and see what happens.”

Zhou Yi paused mid-step and did not dare to put his foot down. He glared at Pei Wen Xuan, “What do you mean, Brother Pei?”

He could sense that Pei Wen Xuan’s gaze was locked tightly on him like a panther that was about to pounce on its prey. The rage in his heart was like a volcano that was about to erupt, squeezing him to the point where it was very uncomfortable.

Pei Wen Xuan calmly replied, “If you left quietly after comprehending the Blood Light Scripture, this Pei would not have bothered to cause trouble for you, but you deliberately made such a ruckus to disturb me. Because of that, all of my previous efforts were wasted. Did you think this Pei was so easily bullied!?”

Zhou Yi gritted his teeth, “I was simply overjoyed just now and lost control of myself. It was not intentional!”

Pei Wen Xuan sneered, “Whether it was intentional or not, it’s up to me to decide. It’s pointless for you to argue with me.”

Zhou Yi shouted, “What do you want, Brother Pei?”

“Nothing!” Pei Wen Xuan lazily cracked his neck, “You just need to stand there quietly. Once this Pei finishes comprehending the Blood Light Scripture, you can set off together with me.”

Zhou Yi was furious. He had been in the lead ever since he came to the blood lake. Not to mention that it was the final stage and he was much further ahead compared to everybody else. How could Pei Wen Xuan force him to wait here!? How could he be willing!? If that truly were the case, then all his efforts and advantages from before would come to nothing. He had planned to set off early to see if he could obtain Blood Monster Divine Monarch’s Dao of Blood inheritance. No matter what, it would always be advantageous to be the first to enter the palace in the middle of the lake before everybody else.

“Brother Pei, did you think that this Zhou was a pushover? You might be a disciple of Myriad Demons Heaven, but none of us are in the Open Heaven Realm yet. The difference between our strengths is not that great. If you really want to stop me, Brother Pei, this Zhou will have no choice but to ask you for a demonstration of strength. If we end up fighting each other, it will only be advantageous for the others.”

His words were a mixture of reason and threat, but his response was not bad.

Pei Wen Xuan sneered and pointed at the people around him, “If you think that way, then you are sorely mistaken. Ask them yourself. Let’s see if they agree to let you leave first?”

Zhou Yi turned to look in that direction. Sure enough, there were many malicious gazes staring at him. Many of them looked like they were itching to take action; hence, he immediately became frightened. He realised that his actions just now had incited public anger. In addition to everything that he had done earlier, he had made himself into a target.

Therefore, his complexion turned pale. It was just as Pei Wen Xuan mentioned, he had deliberately laughed out loud to disturb the others who were in the middle of comprehending the Blood Light Scripture. He wanted to make them waste a little more time. Who could have expected that he would lift a rock only to drop it on his foot instead?

He might have gotten away with it if nobody had stepped forward to complain, but Pei Wen Xuan just had to stop him from leaving. With all the commotion they made, how could he possibly be allowed to leave now? If he really were to force his way out of here, he would instantly be besieged by everybody.

With that thought in mind, he gritted his teeth, “Good! I will do as you say, Brother Pei. I will wait for you. I just hope you won’t make me wait too long!”

Zhou Yi was a man who knew how to adapt to the situation. Now that things had come to this point, it was better to wait patiently than to be besieged by everybody. Even if everybody entered the palace in the middle of the lake together, he would still have his own unique advantages; after all, his attainments in the Dao of Blood were much greater compared to the others.

Pei Wen Xuan grinned and nodded, “Rest assured, this Pei won’t let you wait too long.”

The storm finally subsided. Aside from Zhou Yi who was standing there with a hideous expression on his face, everybody else on the third island continued to comprehend the Blood Light Scripture recorded in the stele.

Yang Kai was speechless. He initially wanted the others to enter the palace in the middle of the lake before him so that they could scout the way ahead for him. Unfortunately, his plans were completely ruined after what Pei Wen Xuan did. He had no other means to let the others take the initial risks for him.

Judging from the current situation, it was also not appropriate for him to stand out too much; otherwise, there was a high chance that he would be attacked by the others!

Aside from Zhou Yi of Great Thousand Blood Land, he had the greatest advantage among all the other cultivators here. His abundant and robust Blood Qi allowed him to comprehend the Blood Light Scripture more easily. He could confidently say that he would be able to finish comprehending the Secret Art in another hour. From the looks of things now though, he would have to conceal his advantage.

As expected, Yang Kai attained mastery of the Blood Light Scripture’s fourth chapter through comprehensive study after another hour. He came to realise something when he was on the previous islands; the more robust the Blood Qi of a cultivator, the easier it was for them to cultivate the Blood Light Scripture. At this point, this discovery was only becoming more obvious.

Still, Yang Kai pretended as though he was in the middle of comprehending the Secret Art. At the same time, he stealthily monitored his surroundings with his Divine Sense.

Zhou Yi was still standing there, not daring to make a careless move lest he provoke a violent reaction. It was just that his expression was uglier with the passing of time. He should have been investigating the palace in the middle of the lake by now, but he was forcibly held up in this place by Pei Wen Xuan. How could he not feel resentful?

During this period, more and more people arrived on the third island. Their numbers were not high, but the cultivators who made it this far were the elites among the elites. Bu Lian Zhong was one of them; however, his Junior Brothers and Junior Sister were nowhere to be seen. They probably remained behind on the second island.

Another 7 or 8 hours passed when Yang Kai suddenly noticed a short man secretly opening his eyes by a narrow slit. The short man’s eyes twinkled behind those narrow slits as he surveyed his surroundings.

Yang Kai couldn’t help laughing in surprise. Like Yang Kai, the short man had already attained mastery of the Blood Light Scripture. Despite having the qualifications to set off for the palace in the middle of the lake, he did not reveal the fact immediately. It was clear that he had his own plans.

Yang Kai quietly sighed in amazement. All the cultivators who could arrive on the third island were sneaky tigers hiding their claws. Pei Wen Xuan and Qu Hua Shang were still in the middle of comprehending the Secret Art, but this short man had already finished. It made Yang Kai wonder which great force he belonged to.

Another hour passed and Pei Wen Xuan suddenly let out a turbid breath of relief. He opened his eyes and sighed in amazement, “The Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture is profound indeed!”

While saying so, he stood up and glanced lightly at the cultivators who were gathered around the stele. A trace of murderous intent flashed through his eyes, but in the end, he shook his head and strode towards the blood lake. If possible, he would have liked to slaughter every single person here. After that, he could slowly take his time to explore the palace in the middle of the lake. However, he knew that it was not realistic to think that he could kill all these people.

After waiting for such a long time, Zhou Yi immediately followed suit when he saw that Pei Wen Xuan was finally moving forward.

In the next moment, the short man that Yang Kai noticed earlier also stood up. Another three or four others stood up at the same time. They looked at each other before tacitly shifting their gazes away.

There were five or six people heading towards the palace in the middle of the lake all at once, so it was only natural that it caught the attention of many people. They raised their heads to look in that direction with expressions of envy.

Yang Kai glanced at Qu Hua Shang suspiciously. Logically speaking, she should have finished around the same time, but on the contrary, she was frowning deeply. It was obvious that she was still immersed in comprehending the Secret Art and seemed to have encountered a problem.

This puzzled him; after all, she was one of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s Core Disciples. Moreover, she condensed Sixth-Order Elements. Both her aptitude and her comprehension abilities were the best among the best, so why was she taking so long?

After further consideration though, Yang Kai realised that it might be related to her gender. She was a woman, so her body was inherently more Yin aligned which would make her Blood Qi less vigorous. These two points might be the reason why her progress was slower than the others. Not to mention, there were no other women on the third island aside from her.

Still, Qu Hua Shang was not that much slower than the others. An hour after Pei Wen Xuan and the others left, she finally opened her eyes and glanced at Yang Kai affectionately.

...

Yang Kai gestured, “Let’s go.”

He was slightly unsettled by this woman. He had not noticed anything when they were in the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary, so he did not know why she was being so affectionate and forward when he met her again today.

“En!” She nodded.

The two of them walked side by side towards the blood lake. Circulating the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture, a layer of blood mist immediately surged around their bodies to protect them.

When they stepped onto the blood lake, the various disturbances and the pulling force that came from the blood lake were more than ten times stronger than before. It was conceivable that one could not safely cross this stretch of the blood lake if they did not integrate and link all four chapters of the Blood Light Scripture recorded on all four steles together.