Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4256, Diversion

Zhou Yi said, “Senior Brother, you must be joking. This Zhou Wu is true and genuine. How could I have been possessed? On the other hand, you are so wantonly slandering me, Senior Brother. What tricks are you up to? Are you trying to sow discord among us in order to enjoy all the benefits in this place yourself?”

Pei Wen Xuan, who had been staring at Yang Kai suspiciously, immediately turned to look in that direction after hearing those words as a hint of surprise flashed through his eyes.

“Hahahaha!” Yang Kai burst into uncontrollable laughter, “How dare you say that you have not been possessed? Let’s see how you plan to talk your way out of this now!?”

Zhou Yi frowned slightly. Glancing at Yang Kai, he then turned to look at Pei Wen Xuan and quickly came to a realization, “Where did this Monarch slip up?”

From the look on Pei Wen Xuan’s face, he could tell that his lies had been exposed; therefore, he did not bother to pretend any longer.

Pei Wen Xuan clicked his tongue and replied, “The owner of your body is called Zhou Yi, not Zhou Wu!”

‘Zhou Yi’ immediately understood and nodded lightly in response. Turning to look at Yang Kai approvingly, he said, “Junior, you are cunning and quick-witted indeed. There truly are talented people all over the world!”

[This Brat’s speech just now revealed nothing suspicious. He even revealed the name ‘Zhou Wu’ at the end, misleading me into believing that the person I possessed was named ‘Zhou Wu’. I simply followed his lead and answered accordingly. Who could have known that this Brat’s words were meant to mislead and test me? It looks like he was not too sure of his judgement even after I attacked him. That’s why he came up with a test like that.] Although it is just a simple sentence, it requires extremely quick thinking.

[This Brat has very strong Spiritual Energy, as well as a Supreme Treasure like the Soul Warming Lotus. At this rate, he will surely become extremely powerful once he matures. If I want to kill him, I have to do so now. Or else, I might not be able to in the future.]

“Your affairs have nothing to do with this Pei. This Pei has more important things to do, so I will take my leave first.” While saying that, Pei Wen Xuan turned and rushed out of the Grand Hall in a flash.

Black Crow Divine Monarch, who popped out of nowhere, gave him an extremely bad feeling. Even though the other party was nothing more than a Remnant Soul that had just taken over another person’s body, it was unknown how much power the enemy could exert. Nevertheless, the other party was a Divine Monarch. Nothing good would come from remaining in this place, so he decisively made the decision to withdraw.

Yang Kai was dumbstruck. [This bastard from Myriad Demons Heaven is far too unreliable! How can he avoid taking personal responsibility at a time like this!?]

Hence, he hurriedly said, “Brother Pei, do you really think you can remain uninvolved now that things have reached this point? If I were Black Crow Divine Monarch, I would make sure that nobody walks out of this place alive. How else would I keep my secret hidden?”

“You understand me well, Junior!” The man who used to be Zhou Yi but was now Black Crow Divine Monarch nodded in approval. His expression seemed to say that their thoughts were in sync. With a gentle wave of his hand, the entire Grand Hall suddenly rumbled and all the entrances shut tight.

Pei Wen Xuan paused mid-step. His expression was slightly ugly as he tilted his head to look at Black Crow Divine Monarch, “Old thing, you should have rejoiced when I left you alone. I’m afraid things will now end tragically for you because of your mistake!”

Black Crow Divine Monarch chuckled, “Are all the Juniors of the current generation this arrogant? Very good! Very good! The world is more interesting this way! This Old Master will not be bored!”

While speaking, his body suddenly shuddered slightly. An inexplicable pulling force surged out of his figure. Immediately after that, several groans rang out. The blood mist surrounding those people sitting cross-legged around the skeleton churned violently and transformed into numerous Blood Qi Dragons that rushed towards him and poured into his body. It was as though his body had turned into a bottomless pit that devoured the Blood Qi completely.

Black Crow Divine Monarch could not help revealing an ecstatic expression, as though he was enjoying the most pleasant experience in the world. Following his actions, the vitality of those people dropped swiftly and their bodies withered away. They were experiencing cultivation dissonance already, so they were completely unable to fight back. Moreover, Black Crow Divine Monarch was using one of the Blood Light Scripture’s Secret Techniques which was compatible with their cultivation dissonance. How could they resist?

Both Yang Kai and Qu Hua Shang felt their scalps tingling in horror at the sight. Although they had comprehended the first part of the Blood Light Scripture previously, that was just the Blood Light Scripture Secret Art. It did not contain any Secret Techniques. It was not until they saw what Black Crow Divine Monarch did that they realised how cruel the Blood Light Scripture really was.

This was definitely an Evil Art! However, it was not difficult to understand. Blood Monster Divine Monarch was not a kind and benevolent man. It stood to reason that the Blood Light Scripture he cultivated was not a peaceful Secret Art either.

What made Yang Kai even more uneasy was that the aura around Black Crow Divine Monarch’s body was climbing steadily with his actions. Although Zhou Yi was originally an elite disciple of Great Thousand Blood Land, he was not that strong. On the other hand, Yang Kai could feel a sense of oppression coming from him after he was possessed by Black Crow Divine Monarch.

A person who could cultivate to the realm of a Divine Monarch could not be a soft-hearted weakling. In addition, Black Crow obtained an inheritance like the Blood Light Scripture. The various unimaginable methods made him even more powerful than before.

[We can’t let him continue any longer. This is definitely the best time to attack. He has only just taken over Zhou Yi, so his Soul and his body may not have fully integrated yet. Combined with the fact that Zhou Yi’s heritage is limited, it can be said that he is currently at his weakest. He will definitely become much stronger once he completely devours the vitality of those people.]

“Attack!” A shout entered Yang Kai’s ears as Pei Wen Xuan was the first to take action. He evidently came to the same conclusion as Yang Kai. While shouting, he pushed his hands forward. A large pitch-black cone sliced through the air and swiftly shot towards Black Crow Divine Monarch. The pitch-black cone was formed from pure Demon Qi and rotated rapidly, almost like it could even rip through space.

Pei Wen Xuan was not finished yet. Immediately following behind the cone, he lunged forward like a panther. His hands were clawed, stretching towards Black Crow Divine Monarch through the air. All five of his fingers contained Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth Element Powers, forming a cycle of the Five Elements which mutually reinforced each other. His power increased significantly as a result.

Likewise, Yang Kai’s reaction was very fast. In other words, he would have attacked even if Pei Wen Xuan had not. Black Crow Divine Monarch had invaded his Knowledge Sea and learned about many of his secrets, not to mention the Soul Warming Lotus had also been exposed.

Black Crow Divine Monarch would never let Yang Kai go. He would definitely target the Soul Warming Lotus. As a wounded Remnant Soul, this Supreme Treasure was exactly what he needed to recover.

Yang Kai made a wide sweep with his arm, condensing a large Moon Blade that slashed towards Black Crow Divine Monarch.

Meanwhile, Qu Hua Shang flicked her head back, unravelling the long red ribbon tying her hair up and shooting it towards Black Crow Divine Monarch’s chest.

Be it Yang Kai, Pei Wen Xuan, or Qu Hua Shang, all three of them were not ordinary Emperor Realm cultivators. The latter two were Core Disciples of the 36 Cave-Heavens, so it could be said that they stood at the very peak of the Emperor Realm. There were few beneath the Open Heaven Realm who could be their opponents, and even less need be said about Yang Kai. He had already killed several Low-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters so his strength could not be measured by common sense.

The power unleashed by the combined attacks of these three was something even Black Crow Divine Monarch could not help but acknowledge. He nodded repeatedly in approval, “Good! Good! You three little ones are very impressive! You will definitely have grand accomplishments in the future!”

Words of praise came out of his mouth, but his eyes were filled with contempt. Despite facing their combined attacks, he did not step aside nor dodge. On the contrary, he stepped forward all of a sudden. He looked at Yang Kai and shouted, “But, you are too arrogant, Junior! Did you think this is still within your Knowledge Sea!?”

He had suffered a terrible defeat within Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea. He was originally no more than a Remnant Soul after all. In the end, he was forced to use a sacrificial diversion in order to escape. In contrast, he currently possessed a physical body. With his previous heritage of a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, how could he fear three measly Emperor Realm Juniors even if his strength was not at his peak anymore?

When he took that step forward, a dense Blood Qi permeated the entire Grand Hall as though mountains of corpses and seas of blood were going to come crashing down on the three of them. Be it Yang Kai, Pei Wen Xuan, or Qu Hua Shang, all three of them couldn’t help stiffening slightly as an overwhelming sense of helplessness involuntarily flooded their minds.

*Hong…*

The Demon Qi cone slammed into Black Crow Divine Monarch but was rendered useless. The attack was stopped by the dense layer of Blood Qi more than metre away from its target.

On the other hand, Yang Kai’s Moon Blade tore apart Black Crow Divine Monarch’s defences. Unfortunately, its speed dropped sharply after it sank into the Blood Qi, allowing the latter to easily sidestepped the attack.

Qu Hua Shang’s hair ribbon had even less to show for her efforts. After sinking into the Blood Qi, its halo immediately began flickering violently. It lost so much spirituality in an instant that she hurriedly withdrew the ribbon in shock.

Even Low-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters would not dare to take the combined attacks of these three lightly; nevertheless, Black Crow Divine Monarch blocked them all with little effort.

At the same time, he finished devouring all the Blood Qi of the other cultivators within the room. Their bodies shrivelled up like mummified corpses. Up until their deaths, those people had been clueless about what was going on. It could be said to be extremely tragic. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Those who could reach this palace were the best among their respective great forces. They were the strongest among their peers, so their vitality was incredibly robust. Having received nourishment from them, Black Crow Divine Monarch’s aura soared madly and reached a level that terrified the three of them.

Although he did not have the aura of the Open Heaven Realm, his momentum at this moment was almost as imposing as that of a Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master. In other words, he was a Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master who could not exert the signature power of the Open Heaven Realm!

The three of them felt their hearts sinking!

If that really were the case, then there was no way for them to win. Even if Black Crow Divine Monarch was unable to utilize World Force due to Zhou Yi’s lacking heritage, he still had the foundation of a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master. There was no saying just how much strength he could display.

The Blood Qi around him churned violently, making him look like he was covered in a mist of blood. He stared fixedly at Yang Kai and sneered, “Junior, how dare you act so presumptuous before this Monarch!? I will start with you!”

While saying that, he suddenly waved his large hand. A rain of blood suddenly fell on Yang Kai from above. The blood rain did not look special in any way, but it obviously contained great power.

Yang Kai’s figure flickered repeatedly to avoid the blood rain, but contrary to expectations, his perception told him that Black Crow Divine Monarch was ignoring him after the initial move.

A hand suddenly reached out from within the blood mist and clawed at Pei Wen Xuan across the barriers of space.

This old dog was truly cunning and insidious. Even when facing these three youngsters, he did not hesitate to use feints and diversions!

Thinking about it again, it made sense. Black Crow Divine Monarch coveted Yang Kai’s Soul Warming Lotus, so how could he kill him so easily? He most likely planned to capture Yang Kai alive in order to claim the Soul Warming Lotus as his own. If he could not kill Yang Kai, then he could only attack Pei Wen Xuan and Qu Hua Shang. Pei Wen Xuan had taken the lead to attack him earlier, so he probably held some grudges for that.

Yang Kai had not expected Black Crow Divine Monarch to take such actions and neither did Pei Wen Xuan; therefore, the large hand immediately wrapped around Pei Wen Xuan’s neck tightly as a layer of red Blood Qi swiftly seeped and enveloped the latter.