Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4325 – Third Activation, Heavenly Executioner’s Sword

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At this moment, Kong Feng realized that Yang Kai had baited them by acting as though he was at a disadvantage and was forced to activate the Defensive Grand Array. However, he figured it out too late.

He secretly cursed Yang Kai for being so deceitful. Instead of retreating, which was clearly impossible now, he ground his teeth and increased the speed of his ship. As a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he had outstanding insight and possessed an exceptionally keen battle sense. There were only two Six-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Void Land, and they were both injured earlier. Since Yue He was busy activating the Array Jade, Mo Mei was the only one he needed to pay attention to.

If he could rush to Yang Kai and have Luan Bai Feng tie down Mo Mei, he could easily capture Yang Kai and control the whole situation. At worst, he could disrupt his focus so the Grand Array would no longer function properly.

Considering all this in an instant, Kong Feng decided to act boldly.

In such a situation, how could Yang Kai not have predicted his plan, though? Following a cold snort, Yang Kai swung his hand, and a good portion of the tens of thousands of streams of light immediately changed directions towards Heavenly Sword Union’s ship, while the rest continued their bombardment of the Hundred Sect Alliance like a meteor shower.

As soon as the flight type artifacts of various great forces noticed the dire situation they were in, they rapidly retreated and activated their own Defensive Arrays. For a moment, innumerable flashes of multi-coloured light illuminated the sky.

A moment later, the endless streams of light enveloped all the flight type artifacts of the Hundred Sect Alliance with a rumbling boom.

Although the Hundred Sect Alliance brought over by Kong Feng had large numbers, their strength was inconsistent. Most of them were Third Class great forces, so how powerful would their flight type artifacts be?

As soon as they clashed, the Defensive Arrays of the more than a dozen ships at the head of the charge broke. As more streams of light flooded in, these ships were all torn to pieces, severely wounding and killing all the cultivators aboard.

The streams of light continued to shuttle forward, blasting into the shields of the other flight type artifacts, all of which shook dangerously and flickered precariously. All of the cultivators on these artifacts held their breath nervously.

Fortunately, they quickly found that despite the seemingly ferocious wave of attacks from Void Land, it was not as terrifying as they initially imagined. The power of the tens of thousands of streams of lights varied greatly, so the damage caused by them was limited as well.

Of course, the most important thing was that they still had the numerical advantage, allowing the damage to be distributed among all of them. The situation was still within a manageable range.

Even so, more than 20 flight type artifacts of the Hundred Sect Alliance were smashed after the first wave of attacks, with nearly 2,000 cultivators dying all at once. The shattered pieces of the artifacts and cultivators filled the sky and rained down in an extremely gory scene.

Before the survivors could regroup though, the streams of light that shuttled through their formation turned around sharply and struck at them again!

Everyone was appalled, and quickly scattered to avoid the barrage!

At the same time, lights continued to flicker around Heavenly Sword Union’s ship. Thousands of artifacts bombarded it, but they were all blocked by the Defensive Array. As a top tier Second Class great force, and given that Heavenly Sword Union’s ship was Kong Feng’s personal vessel, it certainly was superior to the other flight type artifacts here and possessed exceedingly powerful protective ability.

However, no matter how strong a defense was, it could not withstand continuous and uninterrupted attacks forever. If the Defensive Grand Array of Nine Heavenly Layers could be broken, what more need be said about the Defensive Array of a mere ship?

When Heavenly Sword Union’s ship was only several tens of kilometers away from Yang Kai, the light barrier that protected it shattered to pieces, and everyone on the ship was exposed to the attacks from the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array.

But that was close enough.

Several dozen kilometers might seem far at a glance, but to a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master like Kong Feng, it was practically within arm’s reach!

Aboard his ship, Kong Feng clenched his teeth and roared, “Brat, let’s see if you can survive this time!”

As he shouted, he and Luan Bai Feng used Secret Techniques at the same time to push back the surrounding streams of light. Then, he stretched out to grab at Yang Kai, while Luan Bai Feng locked her Divine Sense onto Mo Mei firmly, so that she would not interfere with the situation. As long as Kong Feng could catch Yang Kai, they would win this battle, and she would be able to harvest all the captives at will.

Facing the incoming blow from Kong Feng, Yang Kai did not panic. His cold gaze still firmly planted on his enemy, Yang Kai and Yue He changed their hand seals together and the next moment, he lifted his hand high, clenched his fist tightly and bellowed, “Start the array!”

*Weng… *

A buzz echoed loudly throughout Void Land as the entire Spirit Province trembled.

From the Void, a sensational aura was suddenly born. With the appearance of this aura, threads of Sword Qi as thin as hairs permeated the entire Void Land, seemingly slicing through the World itself. At this moment, whether friend or foe, everyone felt sharp pain on their skin, as if there were invisible blades cutting their body.

Kong Feng widened his eyes, staring at a column of light that emerged from the depths of Void Land blankly, and exclaimed, “How is that possible!?”

Regarding the Grand Array of Void Land, he had witnessed the Bewildering Array, the Defensive Grand Array, and the Offensive Grand Array. He thought that was everything, but only now did he realize that this Grand Array literally had more layers to it.

Although there was only one stream of light this time, which was far less spectacular and magnificent than the tens of thousands of streams of light earlier, Kong Feng dared not look down on it. Previously, the streams of light were only large in number, but their real offensive power was not great. If this wasn’t the case, he wouldn’t have been able to plow through them to approach Yang Kai. It was precisely because he knew that Heavenly Sword Union’s ship could withstand such a bombardment that he decided to advance instead of retreat. However, the beam of light in front of him was different. Even a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master like Kong Feng felt threatened. If he was hit by this stream of light, even if he didn’t die, he would be seriously injured!

That stream of light was a mass of pure white Sword Qi. It was only 10 metres long, but it gave off an aura that seemed capable of splitting worlds.

Heavenly Executioner’s Sword!

Similar to the Heavenly Net Umbrella, this sword was Grandmaster Ma Fan’s creation, a powerful weapon tailored for Void Land to protect the Sect. Neither the Heavenly Executioner’s Sword nor the Heavenly Net Umbrella was an artifact that could be controlled by an individual cultivator, because they would both consume an extraordinary amount of energy. They were designed to be supported by Grand Arrays.

The Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array was completed not too long ago, so it had not accumulated much Starlight Strength yet. Whether it was to activate the Defensive Grand Array or Offensive Grand Array, energy was required. Once this energy was consumed, the power of the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array would be greatly weakened.

Therefore, Yang Kai purposely tricked the enemy into coming deeper by acting at a disadvantage, all so that he could fully utilize the Grand Array’s limited energy supply.

At this moment when the Heavenly Executioner’s Sword was unleashed, Heavenly Sword Union’s ship became his first target, and Yang Kai was determined to take down Kong Feng.

Kong Feng’s face turned pale. The Defensive Array of his ship had been broken, so he did not have anything to shield him from the incoming attack. He wanted to dodge, but if he did, everyone from Heavenly Sword Union he brought along would be doomed; therefore, even if he realized the horror of this sword, he could not avoid it.

Grinding his teeth, and bellowed, “Junior Sister Luan, help me!”

As he shouted, World Force erupted from his figure and he raised his hands up to the sky, as if he was trying to hold it up and stop it from collapsing on him.

Luan Bai Feng secretly cursed Kong Feng for his incompetence in gathering intelligence. She never expected to face such a powerful foe here. If she knew it would end like this, she would never have waded into these muddy waters. But right now, she and Kong Feng were on the same boat, so how could she sit back and let it sink?

Enduring the heartache she felt, she summoned three Array Plates and poured her World Force into them. With a flick of her hand, the three Array Plates turned into three light barriers, shielding Heavenly Sword Union’s ship.

She was a Spirit Array Grandmaster, so naturally she had some Array Plates on her for emergencies. The three Array Plates contained exceptionally powerful Defensive Arrays. If she still could not resist the sword with these, she could only quickly escape. As for Kong Feng, his fate would be up to the Heavens to decide.

Other than Kong Feng and Luan Bai Feng, there were still quite a number of Open Heaven Realm Masters from Heavenly Sword Union aboard the ship, so at this moment, they all put everything they had into defending against this sword.

Sword light flashed as it slashed directly onto the ship.

With a sky rending screech, the three layers of protection shrouding the ship exploded to pieces and disappeared into flashes of light. Even the three Array Plates were reduced to dust in a single strike.

The Sword Qi strike continued forward and as soon as it landed on the ship, cultivators with lower cultivation exploded into blood mist without being able to say a word, while the Open Heaven Realm Masters were all thrown out, many of them heavily injured and coughing blood continuously.

Kong Feng’s face paled slightly as even he was forced back two steps, the World Force coming from his body fluctuating erratically. Fear etched on his face while Luan Bai Feng looked incredibly gloomy.

On the other side, Yang Kai was so annoyed he couldn’t help cursing!

This was the first time he had activated the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array and he was completely satisfied with all the transformations and powers it displayed. His past sacrifices had finally paid off today. The power of Heavenly Executioner’s Sword was beyond his expectation, and if not for Luan Bai Feng interfering, Kong Feng would definitely be seriously injured even if he did not die.

But at the critical moment, Luan Bai Feng used three Array Plates to protect them.

Yang Kai glared at Luan Bai Feng, wishing he could gnaw her to death!

Without hesitation, Yang Kai made a hand seal again, and Yue He quickly cooperated with him. At the same time, she transmitted a Divine Sense message to Yang Kai, “Young Master, the energy consumption of the Grand Array is too great. I’m afraid it won’t last long.”

Yang Kai replied in a deep voice, “I know.”

Noticing the Sword Qi condensing again, Kong Feng’s expression immediately changed. As soon as his power surged, he drove the ship around to escape.

He was truly frightened by the Sword Qi’s previous attack.

Seeing this, Yang Kai could not help putting a weird look on his face, and stopped his action. He wanted to slash Kong Feng with another Sword Qi wave, because there was no way Luan Bai Feng could have so many Defensive Array Plates with her. Even if she managed to help block the strike once, she could not do so a second time.

But Kong Feng actually chose to run away!

Yang Kai guffawed, “There was a way to the Heavens but you refused to take it, and chose to enter the gates of Hell instead! Old dog Kong Feng, you truly court death today!”

While remarking so, he put his hands on his back and grinned at the Heavenly Sword Union ship that was running away. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Heavenly Sword Union was not the only one escaping, all the surviving Hundred Sect Alliance ships were too. Although they came in high spirits, their morale instantly dropped after being attacked by Void Land’s Offensive Grand Arrays. Now, there were only about 70 flight type artifacts from the 100 plus that came. More than 30 ships had been destroyed and countless casualties were suffered. It was not only animals that had the instinct to run away from calamity, but Humans too. They naturally wanted to escape, and many ran even earlier and faster than Kong Feng!