Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Chapter 4329 – Final Array

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The sword wielder suddenly spoke, “Madam, as a Divine Spirit, you should be free. Why get yourself involved in this dispute? It’s better for you to retreat and be on good terms with us.”

Zhu Jiu Yin answered faintly, “I have a duty to be here. I can’t retreat!”

The sword wielder was obviously stunned, then he snorted coldly, “Madam, do you insist on being our enemy?”

Zhu Jiu Yin repeated her answer again, which irritated the man because he thought she was messing with him. Although Divine Spirits were powerful, he was a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master and even had a companion of equal strength, there was no need for him to be afraid.

But he did not know that Zhu Jiu Yin truly had a duty too. Since she was Yang Kai’s Protector, she had to keep him safe while he was in Void Land.

“It’s you two who are making things difficult for this Queen. What can this Queen do?” Zhu Jiu Yin glanced at them coldly.

Triggered by his own hot temper, the Myriad Demons Heaven High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master sneered, “This Monarch has never killed a Divine Spirit before. It seems like today will be a new experience.”

The towering Demon Qi around him expanded and powerful World Force permeated the air, causing the entire Void Land to tremble. He immediately charged at Zhu Jiu Yin.

If they could not come to an agreement, they could only fight!

The sword wielder sighed lightly, then followed after the High-Rank Myriad Demons Heaven Open Heaven Realm Master with a flicker, attacking Zhu Jiu Yin from opposite sides.

Zhu Jiu Yin hurriedly sent Yang Kai a transmission, “Be careful, brat. These two are not easy to handle. I’m afraid I can’t look after you and fight them at the same time!”

As soon as Yang Kai heard her words, he knew that Zhu Jiu Yin had to go all out. Facing two High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters, even a Divine Spirit could not act carelessly.

Instantly, the three clashed. Their battle caused a shocking effect on the surrounding World. Light dimmed, and Void Land trembled endlessly as it began to crack and fracture.

Yang Kai was flabbergasted.

Earlier, the battle between Mo Mei and Luan Bai Feng, two Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, was already quite fierce, but it was simply incomparable to the current battle.

The entire Void Land was now divided into four battlefields. The first battlefield was naturally the battle between Zhu Jiu Yin and the two Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. The second battlefield was the one between Mo Mei and Luan Bai Feng. The third battlefield was between Yue He and the many Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Hundred Sect Alliance. The fourth battlefield was the battle in the Illusion Array.

Among the four battlefields, the most peaceful one was undoubtedly the battle between Mo Mei and Luan Bai Feng. Although both of them were Sixth-Order Masters, one had been immersed in this Order for many years while the other had just broken through recently, resulting in a huge difference in their strength. Luan Bai Feng had the upper hand, but she wanted to capture Mo Mei alive, so she was holding back quite a bit, allowing Mo Mei to cope with the situation for now. As such, their fight was still considered somewhat tepid.

As for the Illusion Array, it was a one-sided massacre. The 300 Open Heaven Realm Masters of Void Land ripped into the Hundred Sect Alliance, who were all confused and disoriented by the illusions caused by the Grand Array. How could the latter resist? However, at the moment, a rift had been torn in the Illusion Array by the sword wave of the sword wielding High-Rank Open Heaven Master. As soon as this rift appeared, the Illusion Array’s power dropped significantly, giving a glimmer of hope to the oppressed members of the Hundred Sect Alliance. They were no longer in complete disarray and could even fight back from time to time.

Yang Kai controlled the Array Jade of the Void Land Grand Array, so he was well-aware of the situation in Void Land. With just a single thought, he had a grasp of the overall situation in his mind.

Understanding this, he couldn’t help shouting at Zhu Jiu Yin, “Can’t you move your fight somewhere else!? Why must you do this in my Void Land!?”

Zhu Jiu Yin and the two High-Rank Masters weren’t fighting on the ground per-say, but the fallout from their battle could not be underestimated. After all, Void Land was only a Spirit Province, and if they caused too much damage to it, it might collapse.

Void Land was Yang Kai’s base in the 3,000 Worlds. How could he not worry about it?

However, Zhu Jiu Yin did not respond to his words at all. Yang Kai was unsure whether she had even heard him. She did not shift the battlefield away and instead continued to shuttle around Void Land while fighting the two High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters, which resulted in endless rumbling sounds.

“Brat, instead of worrying about your territory, you should pay more attention to your life!” A surly voice suddenly came from the side.

Yang Kai was startled. Only now did he remember that Kong Feng was still eyeing him! Now that all the forces of Void Land and the Hundred Sect Alliance were occupied, leaving only the leaders of the both alone, how could Kong Feng let go of such a great opportunity?

Although he was caught off guard and was seriously injured by Zhu Jiu Yin’s attack, he was still a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. Even with a severe wound, it was not hard for him to kill a mere Emperor Realm Junior.

Nonetheless, the purpose of his trip was not to kill Yang Kai. Even though Kong Feng wanted to kill him so badly, he could capture him alive for now.

As long as he could take Yang Kai down, he would claim the victory in this battle. Since Yang Kai had no one left to protect him, he was just like a fish on the chopping block, waiting to be tortured by him.

Yang Kai turned to the side and saw Kong Feng spewing a mouthful of blood from nearby, looking at him with a face as white as a sheet.

When their eyes met, Yang Kai instantly realized that Kong Feng’s focus was firmly locked on him, and the surrounding space was locked by a suppressive force. It was obvious that Kong Feng was wary of him using Space Principles to escape. Not only that, Kong Feng was also approaching Yang Kai step by step, slowly pressuring him with his Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm aura.

Letting out a soft breath, Yang Kai spoke faintly, “Kong Feng, if I were you, I would retreat to save my life. Being stubborn will only lead to tragedy!”

Kong Feng was taken aback and quickly stopped his feet, spreading out his Divine Sense to examine the surroundings.

He was truly frightened by Yang Kai. Yang Kai and Void Land had brought him too many surprises today. The few hundred Open Heaven Realm Masters, the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array and its seemingly limitless functions, the female Divine Spirit hidden in the depths of Void Land…

Who would have thought that a trivial Void Land would possess so much power?

So, when Yang Kai said this, Kong Feng did not dare to take him lightly, for fear that he would reveal another surprise.

However, after some observations, Kong Feng did not sense any kind of threat. On second thought, since such a powerful female Divine Spirit was already revealed, what other hidden trump card could there be in Void Land? It would be too ridiculous if it still held one. Although the strength shown by Void Land was not as great as that of the Cave Heavens and Paradises, it was enough to compete against Heavenly Sword Union.

“Boy, you dare bluff me?” He bellowed.

“You can try me!” Yang Kai replied with an indifferent look.

Kong Feng was in a dilemma. Yang Kai’s calmness unnerved him and he vaguely felt that if he really attacked, there might be an unpleasant surprise waiting for him.

But given that it was just an Emperor Realm Junior standing in front of him, how could a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master not have the courage to even attack him? If he retreated from this, Kong Feng was afraid that he would never be able to raise his head again from the disgrace! Furthermore, the Hundred Sect Alliance had suffered heavy casualties under his lead here. If he could not bring back a victory, it would be hard for him to explain to the outside world.

With a determined mind, Kong Feng clenched his teeth and thundered, “How dare a little bastard like you still play mind games with this King before dying!” He felt that Yang Kai was bluffing him, so he no longer hesitated. As soon as his power surged, he stretched out his hand straight towards Yang Kai’s head.

“Since you court death, don’t blame others for your demise!” Yang Kai grit his teeth as he roared. He raised his hand and summoned the Azure Dragon Spear into his grip. With a flourish, his power surged and his hair began fluttering wildly despite there not being any wind!

“Start the array!”

A buzz came out of Void Land as Yang Kai shouted, which shook Kong Feng’s heart.

He had lost count of how many times he heard these three words today, and every time he had, he suffered a grievous loss. As soon as Yang Kai shouted the word ‘array’, Kong Feng realized that there was something wrong.

Void Land... was still holding another trump card!

Not daring to be negligent, Kong Feng immediately accelerated, swiftly pouncing at Yang Kai who was not far from him now.

At the same time, all the remaining power in the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array of Void Land poured into the Azure Dragon Spear, which absorbed it seemingly without end!

The Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array was established not long ago, so the amount of Starlight Strength it had absorbed was still not much. It had almost depleted all of its stored power after launching various layers of the Grand Array, and Yue He had warned Yang Kai of this earlier.

Right now, the remaining energy in the Grand Array could only be used one last time.

This time, Yang Kai activated the last layer of the Offensive Grand Array of the Nine Heavenly Layers.

The Offensive Grand Array had three layers. The first one was filled with tens of thousands of ordinary artifacts, which had pelted the Hundred Sect Alliance once it was launched. The Array Core of the second layer was the Heavenly Executioner’s Sword. The power of one slash from the sword almost split Kong Feng’s ship in two. If Luan Bai Feng had not summoned three defensive Array Plates at the critical moment, Heavenly Sword Union would definitely have suffered heavy casualties, and Kong Feng would have been seriously injured even if he did not die.

The Array Core of the third and last layer was Yang Kai’s Azure Dragon Spear!

This spear was a gift from Giant Spirit God Ah Da. Compared to the Heavenly Executioner’s Sword and the Heavenly Net Umbrella, it was certainly more powerful; however, Yang Kai had never unleashed the true might of the Azure Dragon Spear before, because his own strength was too low to control the horrifying power hidden within.

But with the help of the Grand Array, the situation was totally different.

Earlier, when they activated the Heavenly Executioner’s Sword, Yang Kai was too weak to do so without Yue He’s help. However, the Azure Dragon Spear was different. Yang Kai had completely refined this spear, so it was linked to his body and Soul, unlike the Heavenly Executioner’s Sword. Nonetheless, the stress that was caused on him by using this move was unimaginable. If he failed to bear the pressure, Yang Kai would definitely kill himself before he could kill his enemy.

Yang Kai did not have a choice at the moment though. Kong Feng attempted to attack him, and Yang Kai would not stand a chance without the last layer of the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array boosting his strength.

The world trembled as the energy in the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array poured madly into the Azure Dragon Spear. The long spear vibrated so strongly that Yang Kai could hardly hold onto it. The violent energy not only stimulated the sleeping power of the Azure Dragon Spear, it also caused miserable pain to erupt all over Yang Kai’s body, causing his bones to crack and blood to leak from his pores.

As a mere Emperor Realm cultivator, it was impossible not to pay a price to channel the full force of such a powerful Grand Array.

Yang Kai remained silent, however, clutching his long spear and focusing all his attention on Kong Feng who was approaching him unblinkingly!

Suddenly, a sonorous Dragon Roar resounded across the sky!