Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4348 – An Exchange Of Gifts

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai’s, Old Fang’s, and the others’ voices and laughter resounded endlessly in the banquet hall. Wei Que and Tao Rong Fang looked at each other secretly, feeling relieved. They had come here by the orders of the Leader of Great Moon Province to make a request.

They were initially a little worried about whether it would go well, but now it seemed that the two of them were unnecessarily anxious.

Yang Kai was obviously someone who cherished old friendships. In this case, the matter regarding Great Moon Province’s request should not be difficult. However, it was not a good time to bring it up, so they could only wait for an opportunity.

But who could have imagined that the owner of Void Land, the man who destroyed the Hundred Sect Alliance and killed off more than 10,000 thousand with a single order, the one who beheaded a mighty Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, Heavenly Sword Union’s Union Master, Kong Feng, would be such a genial person?

Previously, the Hundred Sect Alliance was led by Heavenly Sword Union to besiege Void Land but instead had the tables turned on them. When they received such news, Great Moon Province found it hard to believe them. Even though they had learned that Yang Kai had occupied Seven Wonders Land, renamed it Void Land, and became its new owner, the Hundred Sect Alliance was formidable, not to mention that it had several Second-Class great forces such as Heavenly Sword Union in it.

After confirming from various sources that the information was true, Great Moon Province was greatly shaken.

Old Fang and the others had wanted to come and provide help. Although their strength was limited, they had gone through life or death together with Yang Kai. Back then, when Yang Kai was pursued by many great forces after robbing the Golden Crow corpse and hiding in First Inn, they had no choice but to follow Wei Que to Great Moon Province. They still felt guilty because of that.

They felt as though they had abandoned Yang Kai.

It was only natural that they felt uneasy when they learned that Yang Kai was in trouble.

However, Void Land had become famous through this battle. Later, when it was reported that the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill had appeared in Void Star City, the Leader of Great Moon Province agreed to Old Fang’s and the others’ request and ordered Wei Que and Tao Rong Fang to be their escorts.

It may appear that they were just going to escort Old Fang and the others to Void Land, but in fact, Wei Que and Tao Rong Fang had another task.

After three rounds of drinks, Yang Kai asked Old Fang and the others about their cultivation.

Old Fang took a gulp of wine, wiped his mouth, and replied with a chuckle, “This Old Master is just an old man, I don’t want to fuss around anymore. It’s already not bad to achieve the Third-Order Open Heaven Realm in the future, but Xiao You and the others used the Tai Yi Soul Cleansing Water that you gave them to wipe clean the Powers in their Dao Seals and have started cultivating from the beginning again.”

After leaving the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary and occupying Seven Wonders Land, Yang Kai sent Meng Hong to provide Old Fang and the others some cultivation resources, including the Tai Yi Soul Cleansing Water and complete sets of Fifth-Order Heaven Realm materials.

However, one needed great will and daring to use the Tai Yi Soul Cleansing Water. Old Fang had low ambitions and was already quite old. He might just die if he pushed himself too much. As such, he simply accepted his fate. Although Third-Order Open Heaven Realm was a lower starting point, as long as one worked hard over time, they still had hope to advance to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm, it would just take a little longer.

However, with the combination of Meng Hong’s example and experience and their own careful consideration, it seemed that Dié You and Ah Sun had chosen to use the Tai Yi Soul Cleansing Water to cleanse their Dao Seals, and restarted their cultivation.

Now both of them were condensing the Fifth-Order Elements, with the hopes that they could directly achieve the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm in the future! Their starting point would be much higher than that of Old Fang’s, and their road ahead would thus stretch further.

Wei Que and Tao Rong Fang were a little worried about the dangers they might encounter while advancing to the Open Heaven Realm in the future; after all, although both of their aptitudes were good, condensing Fifth-Order Powers was still quite risky.

Since Yang Kai was someone who cherished old friendships dearly though, he would not ignore them. Now that the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill was auctioned here in Void Land, it should not be a problem to get two to help with their advancement.

Yang Kai turned to look at Dié You and Ah Sun and although he did not know how much suffering the two had gone through, he could imagine that it would not be far off from what happened to Meng Hong when he took the Tai Yi Soul Cleansing Water previously.

After pondering for a while, Yang Kai turned to address Wei Que, “Senior Wei, this Junior has a request that he wonders if Senior would agree to.”

Wei Que hurriedly sat up straight and replied sternly, “Sect Master Yang, please speak freely. I, Wei Que, will never refuse as long as I’m capable.”

The only reason Yang Kai called him Senior was because of his friendship with Old Fang and the others, so Wei Que did not dare to show a trace of arrogance. The handsome young man before him was capable of killing over 10,000 cultivators; he was the one who annihilated the Hundred Sect Alliance with a single order and was the one who personally cut off the head of a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Wei Que was aware that his own Great Moon Province was not even worthy of carrying Heavenly Sword Union’s shoes.

Yang Kai proceeded, “Enemies targeted our Void Land recently, and the Star City faced a major downturn. Now that we have achieved a great victory, it is time to focus on raising our Star City’s popularity. Since you are already here, this Yang hopes you will not leave too quickly. I would like to ask Senior to continue his stay in the Star City. I can allocate a few shops to Great Moon Province. No matter what business Great Moon Province does, it will be of great help to me.”

Wei Que gasped and stood up quickly, his face turning red, “Sect Master Yang, t-t-this is…”

The mission given to him and Tao Rong Fang by their Leader was to obtain a shop in Void Star City, one shop. Great Moon Province was not a very accomplished or ambitious Sect, while Void Star City’s popularity was rising at an astonishing rate. If one could secure even a single stall here and run some small businesses, it could be a great help to maintain one’s livelihood and sustain the cultivation needs of one’s Disciples.

Wei Que was still pondering how to bring this issue up with Yang Kai, so he never thought that Yang Kai would take the initiative to mention it.

In all honesty, what could they do to help Void Land? Yang Kai was only phrasing it this way to give them face. They passed by the Star City before arriving here, and it was clearly overflowing with vitality while all the shops were doing very well. Why would Void Lan need a trivial Great Moon Province to help?

Yang Kai had long seen their intention of coming here…

Wei Que was now thoroughly embarrassed.

Yang Kai smiled, “Or does Senior Wei think that Void Star City is facing a bleak future? If so, I won’t insist.”

“That is absolutely not true, Sect Master Yang.” Wei Que flailed his arms wildly as he hurriedly stated, “Being able to stay in Void Star City is exactly what Great Moon Province wished for, and if that’s the case, I would like to thank Sect Master Yang for his deep kindness.”

He then cupped his fist solemnly.

Yang Kai nodded and turned to Bian Yu Qing, who was sitting next to him, “Go back to the Governor’s Mansion to make arrangements. Have the Manager in charge of the Star City shops to reserve five premium located stores under Great Moon Province’s name.”

Bian Yu Qing was slightly startled, but quickly replied, “Yes, Sect Master rest assured, I’ll see to it right away!”

Reserving shops under the name of Great Moon Province meant that ownership itself would be transferred to them, not leased. In other words, these five stores would belong exclusively to Great Moon Province in the future, and would no longer belong to Void Land.

Wei Que obviously understood the meaning of this, and exclaimed involuntarily, “Sect Master Yang, how could we possibly accept such generosity!? Five is too many for Great Moon Province, one is enough…”

Great Moon Province was a mere Third Class great force, so it was not an exaggeration that they would not know what to do with five shops. It was just as Wei Que said, one shop was plenty.

Yang Kai raised his hand, “Say no more, Senior Wei. These five shops will be entrusted to you, whether Great Moon Province chooses to do business with them or lease them out, it will be for you to decide. Old Fang and the others are dear friends of mine, and Brother Meng and I have faced many life-and-death tribulations together in the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary. On top of that, Brother Meng even gifted me an incredibly precious treasure. These trivial five shops are nothing compared to such things.”

How could Wei Que refuse after what Yang Kai had said? With no other choice, he cupped fists and bowed his head deeply, “Many thanks, Sect Master Yang!

However, he was still a little puzzled, [What did Meng Hong give to Yang Kai that could be called an ‘incredibly precious treasure’…?] However, now was not the right time to ask, so he could only suppress his curiosity.

Yang Kai was not just trying to be polite; after all, how could a mere five shops compare to a Mid-Rank World Fruit? Not to mention five, even fifty shops would still pale in comparison! That was a treasure that could help a Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master directly advance by a whole Order, and would even increase their lifetime limit by an Order. Such a treasure would even be of extreme interest to High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters!

It was not that Yang Kai was reluctant to give more shops to Great Moon Province, but he was also aware of Great Moon Province’s limitations, it was useless to give them more shops and would only attract the greed of others, causing more harm than good.

When the banquet ended, the members of Great Moon Province left, with Bian Yu Qing personally leading them to the Governor’s Mansion in the Star City to select the locations of their five new shops.

The news that the owner of Void Land required a High-Rank Yin Element treasure spread out quietly. Yang Kai hoped that someone would secretly come to him to trade, but no one approached even after waiting for a long time, though some people did come to give information of places where he might find High-Rank Yin Element treasures.

Yang Kai sent subordinates to inquire about the credibility of this information, but the results were disappointing. Most people just made fraudulent reports in the hopes of gaining some benefits, while the ones who did provide legitimate possibilities only did so for places Void Land could not confirm or even approach, so the matter was left to drift. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Yang Kai sighed, it seemed that High-Rank Yin Element treasures were only accessible by the Cave Heavens and Paradises.

As time passed, the number of people residing in the Star City reached as high as 500,000. Such a scale had already surpassed the limits of a Second Class Star City and it was steadily developing into a First Class one.

On the eve of the third auction, another old friend came to visit.

After receiving the report from Bian Yu Qing, Yang Kai ordered her to be shown in.

...

In the reception hall, Yang Kai smiled as he watched a great beauty sashay in, “Senior Sister Qu!”

Qu Hua Shang smiled enchantingly, her eyes radiating an intense charm. As her lashes fluttered lightly, she asked sweetly, “Junior Brother Yang, have you been thinking of me?”

Bian Yu Qing, who brought her in, glanced at Qu Hua Shang with a strange expression, but quickly lowered her eyes again.

Yang Kai half choked, half laughed, thinking to himself, [This enchantress is still so unfiltered with her words].

He was about to tease her in return when suddenly his expression changed. With a raised brow he asked, “Has Senior Sister advanced to the Open Heaven Realm?”

At this moment, a World Force aura was lingering around Qu Hua Shang, but it seemed that she had just broken through so her cultivation had not been completely stabilized yet, so she was not able to withdraw her aura freely.