Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4352 – Fang Yue

Translator: Silavin & SymphonyOfEverything

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Why do you say so?” Yang Kai raised his brow.

“She must have secretly left it behind because it is precious and she knew Sect Master would not accept it if she passed it to you directly.” Bian Yu Qing made a slight bow, “If there is nothing else, this subordinate will retire first.”

After Bian Yu Qing left, Yang Kai held the jade box in his hand, slightly dazed. He didn’t know what Qu Hua Shang left for him before she left, but he vaguely felt that what his Second Manager said was not unreasonable.

The box was blocked by a seal, but the method to unlock it was not too troublesome. Yang Kai used a Secret Technique and opened the box, but after seeing what was inside, he was slightly startled.

The contents of the box were indeed, as Bian Yu Qing said, extremely valuable, and not just ordinarily valuable either.

It contained a Seventh-Order Yang Element Monster Core!

This was clearly the one Qu Hua Shang obtained in the Blood Monster Cave Heaven. At that time, she and Yang Kai comprehended the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture, and crossed the blood lake to reach the central palace. On the third island, Qu Hua Shang obtained a Seventh-Order Yang Element Monster Core, while Yang Kai only got a Fifth-Order Core, which made him envious.

Seventh-Order materials in general were worth at least 150 million Open Heaven Pills, while materials of the Yin or Yang Element would be even higher than that. Yang Kai originally bid for a Seventh-Order Primordial Yang Profound Ginseng at an exchange meeting, and it had cost him a great fortune. If such a Seventh-Order Yang Element Monster Core was put up for auction, it would definitely cause a huge scramble, and it could easily be sold for 200 million Open Heaven Pills.

But now, such an item worth at least 200 million, was deliberately left here by Qu Hua Shang for Yang Kai.

It was only now that Yang Kai understood why Qu Hua Shang accepted the five Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pills he had given her without hesitation, and never asked how much they were worth. It turned out that she had already planned on compensating him with this.

Five Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pills were worth a lot, but they were nothing compared to a Seventh-Order Yang Element Monster Core.

She also knew that he wouldn’t accept it, so she left it behind secretly.

Being a disciple of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, she could not help Yang Kai buy what he needed from her own Sect, and could only help him within her own abilities. Since this thing did not belong to Yin-Yang Cave Heaven and was instead something she owned personally, she had the right to do whatever she pleased with it.

Yang Kai was extremely grateful, and solemnly put away the Seventh-Order Monster Core.

A few days later, the Void Auction House’s third auction began.

The Void Auction House was filled to the brim today. The auction house, which was built by Yun Xing Hua himself, had an atmosphere of magnificence. It was constructed according to Yang Kai’s requirements, and could accommodate 10,000 people with ease in the main floor, and had many private rooms for VIP guests.

Compared to the previous two auctions, this one was undoubtedly of a higher standard.

Because the Star City now had a resounding reputation and a much higher population, many people that had great treasures and had no way to sell them entrusted them to the auction house to auction on their behalf. The Void Auction House was naturally happy to do so, so the auction conducted this time was much livelier and fiery than the previous two.

The Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill, which was the finale item, broke through the 10 million mark easily and was eventually won by a Master in one of the private rooms. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

In Room A1, Yang Kai was sitting in a chair with Bian Yu Qing accompanying him by his side.

Seemingly sensing Yang Kai’s anticipation, Bian Yu Qing said, “Sect Master, it’s time.”

Yang Kai gently nodded, rubbing his fingers unconsciously.

In the past two auctions, the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill marked the end, but this time was different.

On the auction stage, Yun Xing Hua said loudly, “Honoured Guests, today we have a special item we would like to present, and I believe many will certainly be interested in it!”

In the auction house, the people who were about to leave stopped and looked towards Yun Xing Hua curiously. The Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill had already been auctioned off, so what else did Void Land have to offer? Was it more precious than the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill?

In front of everyone’s eyes, Yun Xing Hua took out a wooden box, used a Secret Technique to open its seal, and declared loudly, “A Seventh-Order Yang Element Monster Core from the Blood Monster Cave Heaven!”

The audience immediately flew into an uproar. Although the auction held by Void Auction House was quite good this time and many high class items had appeared, no one had imagined that such a valuable item would appear. Even top auction houses like Red Clouds Auction House, which belonged to Red Clouds Cave Heaven, would often have Seventh-Order items for sale.

From the private rooms, powerful Divine Senses undisguisedly swarmed towards the wooden box to check whether it really was really true.

Although Yun Xing Hua was a Fourth-Order Open Heaven Master, cold sweat oozed from his forehead due to the pressure that was like a mountain engulfing him at that moment. He felt like he was a little sheep that was being targeted by a bunch of hungry wolves.

Suppressing the trepidation in his heart, Yun Xing Hua took a deep breath and continued, “This item is not for auction, and only an exchange will be accepted. My Void Auction House would like to exchange this for a Seventh-Order Yin Element treasure. If anyone has something suitable, please contact me, and rest assured, my Void Auction House will definitely give enough compensation!”

Yun Xing Hua looked around and waited for a long time, but no one made a sound.

In Room A1, Yang Kai also monitored the situation, but he did not feel too disappointed to see no response since he had expected this.

This time was just a publicity stunt. Yang Kai believed that due to this announcement, the news that Void Auction House was trying to exchange a Seventh-Order Yang Element treasure for a Seventh-Order Yin Element treasure would soon spread, and anyone who met the conditions would take the initiative to approach them. Of course, this was provided that this person was not from any of the Cave Heavens nor Paradises.

Yang Kai was confident that in this way, the matter regarding his need for a High-Rank Yin Element treasure would be known to the entire 3,000 Worlds!

Yang Kai wanted to act secretively, but he had already revealed the fact that he had condensed multiple High-Order Elements. Anyone who was interested in him could deduce what Elements he currently lacked. There was no harm in letting others know that he needed a Yin Element treasure now.

This was probably not something that he would get in a short period of time. He might have to wait for a long time, maybe three to five years, several dozen years, or even hundreds of years…

But Yang Kai could wait. Compared to the pursuit of the Martial Dao, a small wait was but a trivial matter.

Moreover, he was still young, and he had only recently entered the vast Outer Universe. In a trivial twenty or thirty years, he had already accomplished what ordinarily took others hundreds if not thousands of years to complete. He had enough qualifications to wait it out.

While waiting, he could also accumulate and fortify his foundation, paving a smoother road to his future, thus saving himself time and effort when he eventually did break through!

Void Auction House held an auction every three months, and the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill was the finale item every single time. Even though one was sold every three months, the price of this item only got higher with time; after all, there were too many cultivators that needed this kind of Spirit Pill.

Which Cave Heaven or Paradise did not have a few Core Disciples? When these disciples advance to the Open Heaven realm, even if they were well prepared, and even if they had great confidence in themselves, accidents could always occur.

Throughout the ages, how many geniuses had fallen due to tiny mistakes, vanishing from the annals of history?

If those Cave Heavens and Paradises wanted their disciples to advance to the Open Heaven Realm successfully, the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill was the best guarantee! Across the 3,000 Worlds, the only place a Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill could be acquired was Void Auction House.

Void Star City’s popularity was booming, and it had only taken a trivial year to become crowded. The Void Dock now had to limit the flow of people entering the city, because every moment, there were more flight type artifacts queuing up outside, waiting to be let in. Only when people inside left were people outside allowed to enter.

Bian Yu Qing was planning on expanding the size of Star City, because under the current situation, it was already somewhat unable to meet its high popularity.

But she was overruled by Yang Kai after she made this proposal.

Void Land had sprung up suddenly and had been growing too fast, leading to a lack of experience in various matters. So right now, they had to focus on gaining stability, not endless expansion.

Therefore, even though he knew that expanding the Star City could bring even greater profits, Yang Kai did not agree to it.

Since there were two Divine Spirits in Void Land, Yang Kai felt that as long as he didn’t go out and cause trouble, the Cave Heavens and Paradises wouldn’t do anything to him. It would not be too late to make plans after he got his High-Rank Yin Element treasure and advanced to the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm.

One day, when Yang Kai was in the middle of retreat, he felt the barrier being touched, so he opened his eyes.

Without an appropriate Yin Element material, he could not advance to the Open Heaven Realm. He had entered retreat this time only to further his understanding of the Elements he had already condensed, hoping he might uncover some kind of new Divine Ability from them. As such, it wasn’t a big problem that he was disturbed.

...

Opening the barrier, Bian Yu Qing walked in from outside.

Yang Kai asked, “Does Senior Sister Qu need something again?”

In the past six months, Qu Hua Shang had opened a Dao Temple in the Star City. She had just advanced to the Open Heaven Realm, so she had spent most of her time there for two reasons. One was to maintain the stability of the Dao Temple itself, and the other was to consolidate her new cultivation.

Yang Kai had also been to the Dao Temple once and participated in discussions about the Grand Dao, but he used Seven Faces to change his appearance and aura to do so. He found that the so-called Grand Dao discourse was actually just a group of young attractive people gathering together to market themselves, which wasn’t of any interest to him.

But Yin-Yang Cave Heaven had a need for this kind of place, since it was full of beautiful women and handsome men looking to find partners.

From time to time, Qu Hua Shang would come to Void Land to look for Yang Kai. It was never for any serious reason and instead just to casually chat with him.

Yang Kai knew that she wanted him to join Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, but she never broached the topic directly.

Naturally, since Bian Yu Qing had come to alert him of a guest, he immediately thought it was that seductress again.

But Bian Yu Qing shook her head and reported, “It is not Lady Qu who is looking for you, but a young man named Fang Yue. He says he is an old acquaintance of Sect Master’s.”

“Fang Yue?” Yang Kai frowned slightly, vaguely feeling that this name was familiar, as if he had heard of it somewhere, but it did not immediately ring a bell.

After thinking carefully, Yang Kai finally remembered that among the people he knew, there was only one guy named Fang Yue, whom he met in the Primordial Land of the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary. But there was not much of a friendship between them as Yang Kai simply brought him out from the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary at the end of the Spirit Seizing War.

...

However, there were quite a lot of people who were brought out by Yang Kai at that time, all of whom were chosen by the various Divine Spirits as Bearers but had the misfortune of losing the battle to Yang Kai. Yang Kai still had a lot of Faith Tokens left behind by these disciples of various great forces. These young people had left these tokens with Yang Kai in the hopes that, if he had time in the future, he would visit their Sects so they could show their appreciation for the life saving grace he had shown them.