Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 43

Chapter 4369 – Black Crow Strikes

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

!!

Now, it seemed that Zhu Jiu Yin hadn’t revealed all her might in the battle in Void Land. At the very least, she had never showcased this Heaven Covering Web.

She was able to hold down four Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters all on her own, so it was obvious that her power was equivalent to that of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

In truth though, Ti Zheng was mistaken.

Previously in Void Land, Zhu Jiu Yin used all the strength she had to fight him. The reason she appeared stronger now, on par with an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, was because she originated from the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary and needed time to adapt to the 3,000 Worlds’ Principles. It had been three years since the last battle, a period of time that was neither long nor short, but it was sufficient for her to restore more of her strength. That was the reason she seemed more formidable than in the past.

They had four High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters and used 20 Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters to form the Locking Divine Spirit Array. Nevertheless, instead of killing Yang Kai quickly, they had become bound in Zhu Jiu Yin’s Heaven Covering Web. Ti Zheng and the others naturally sported dark expressions because of that.

Following a roar, a grim voice was heard shouting, “Fear nothing, spare no one!”

Demon Qi surged as a gigantic demon phantom appeared behind Ti Zheng. The demon phantom was covered in narrowed and eerie-looking eyes. There were probably more than 1,000 eyes, and every one of them was darting around randomly as though they were suffering from hysteria. There was a huge blade that was almost 300 metres long in the demon phantom’s hand. Its horrifying presence was able to shake the universe and shatter space itself.

As soon as Thousand Eyed Demon Phantom appeared, Ti Zheng became even more overbearing than before.

“Divine Manifestation!” Bai Qi exclaimed.

Divine Manifestations were techniques exclusive to High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters, but not all High-Rank Open Heaven Masters possessed one. The people who could successfully cultivate a Divine Manifestation were the top Masters among the High-Rank.

There had never been anyone in history who could comprehend a Divine Manifestation below the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm except Yang Kai.

Ti Zheng was an Elder from Myriad Demons Heaven who had lived for a very long time. It had been a couple thousand years since he ascended to the Seventh-Order, so it wasn’t surprising that he had a Divine Manifestation.

Once the Divine Manifestation was cast, it suggested that Ti Zheng was no longer holding back.

While the Thousand Eyed Demon Phantom came into existence, another High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master also used his Divine Manifestation. Unlike Ti Zheng’s Thousand Eyed Demon Phantom, this person’s Divine Manifestation looked ordinary as it was just a Spirit Peak that hovered behind him. However, a thick and dangerous Earth Attribute aura could be felt coming from the Spirit Peak.

The remaining two High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters didn’t reveal Manifestations, either because they were concealing their strength or because they simply didn’t have one.

With that said, the latter was most likely to be true; after all, they had fallen into Zhu Jiu Yin’s Heaven Covering Web. Faced with such a formidable Divine Spirit, they could lose their lives if they still tried to hold back.

Even though they didn’t have Divine Manifestations, the Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques they used were still quite horrifying.

Clanging sounds were continuously heard as Zhu Jiu Yin kept flicking her spider web, binding everything within her domain. As the screeching music sounded, ripples were seen spreading across the Thousand Eyed Demon Phantom and the Spirit Peak.

The Thousand Eyed Demon Phantom roared as all its eyes beamed out dark lights which pierced the void and flew at Zhu Jiu Yin from all directions. Even though Zhu Jiu Yin kept avoiding the dark lights, she was still struck as some parts of her skin became burnt. However, she ignored her injuries as though she couldn’t feel any pain. Her countless threads of spider silk turned into razor-sharp blades that whipped and slashed at the four High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters.

The demon phantom raised his blade and forcefully brought it down, whereupon a few threads of spider silk snapped with a metallic clang.

In an instant, Ti Zheng felt less pressured as he became elated and attempted to break free from the Heaven Covering Web. Nevertheless, the moment he jumped up, he saw dozens of rays of light coming from above his head, which forced him to fall back down. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Looking up, he realised that the broken threads had been reconnected.

The sight of it made him feel vexed.

In the void, the lights of Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities glittered as Zhu Jiu Yin was locked in an intense battle with the four Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Even Yue He and Qu Hua Shang, who were in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, were unable to join such a battle, let alone Bai Qi, who was only in the Fifth-Order. All they could do was stay by Yang Kai’s side and help him fend off the fallout. Fortunately, they were in the centre of the spider web, so most of the pressure was still being borne by Zhu Jiu Yin and the fallout that reached them was negligible.

However, anyone could tell that even though Zhu Jiu Yin appeared to be domineering, she was unable to persevere forever. Moreover, she was too heavily outnumbered, so she was in a really tight spot in this battle.

Once Zhu Jiu Yin’s Secret Technique was broken through, all of her companions wouldn’t stand a chance to counterattack.

Now, they could only hope that Yang Kai could find the entrance to the Shadowless Cave Heaven as soon as possible so that they could enter and rest.

During the fierce battle, a shriek was suddenly heard from an unexpected place. Everyone involved in the battle was shocked as they turned to look in that direction.

Upon finding out what was going on, Zhu Jiu Yin remained indifferent while Ti Zheng and the other High-Rank Masters became enraged.

A Spirit Province that had been approaching them slowly exploded all of a sudden. Following that, more than twenty Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters shot out and bombarded the people who were supporting the Locking Divine Spirit Array.

This group appeared too abruptly, catching everyone off guard. By the time the Myriad Demons Heaven disciples realised what was happening, it was already too late.

The instant the attack began, several people already lost their lives, which included a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

“How dare you! Who are you!?” Ti Zheng bellowed.

A grim voice was heard cackling, “It’s your Grandpa Black Crow!”

Upon hearing that, the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters were stunned and Ti Zheng widened his eyes in shock, “Black Crow Divine Monarch!”

[How can this be? Why is Black Crow Divine Monarch here?]

Back then, Black Crow ruthlessly killed many disciples from the Cave Heavens and Paradises in the Blood Monster Cave Heaven. After the Blood Monster Cave Heaven collapsed and the Cave Heavens and Paradises got wind of Black Crow’s doings, they cordoned off all the Territory Gates in the Blood Monster Territory. Everyone who wanted to pass through the Territory Gates had to submit to inspection.

The Cave Heavens and Paradises had spent an entire year trying to capture Black Crow, but they were unable to find any trace of him.

Since the collapse of the Blood Monster Cave Heaven, Black Crow seemed to have vanished into thin air.

Black Crow was an old fox who had lived for innumerable years and possessed an incredible Secret Art like the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture. Naturally, the Cave Heavens and Paradises wouldn’t let him off.

Ti Zheng had been paying close attention to this matter as well, so he immediately understood who the other party was when he heard the name Black Crow.

[How did this bastard flee from the Blood Monster Territory and sneak into the Shattered Heaven? Why does he have so many Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters serving him?] Ti Zheng could not understand what was happening.

His heart sank as he knew that his side was in trouble now.

If he came across Black Crow at any other time, he would’ve been ecstatic. As long as he could capture this fellow, he could stand a chance to comprehend the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture. Moreover, this kind of old dog who had lived for countless years must have other secrets with him as well.

However, at this moment, Black Crow suddenly appearing with a group of Masters gave Ti Zheng a big headache.

Now, all four High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters were stuck in Zhu Jiu Yin’s Heaven Covering Web. They couldn’t break free from it if Zhu Jiu Yin wasn’t killed. Without their support, their disciples scattered around the Locking Divine Spirit Array wouldn’t be able to fight Black Crow and his band.

Like a tiger that had just left the mountain, Black Crow led his subordinates and attacked the enemy. In just ten breaths of time, they managed to kill five more Open Heaven Realm Masters, including the one in charge of the Array.

Black Crow pointed his finger at the front and ordered, “Kill them all!”

Ti Zheng yelled, “Don’t you dare, Black Crow!”

...

Black Crow glared at him and sneered, “Open your eyes wide and see whether this Monarch dares to!” He was forced to live miserably in the Shattered Heaven because he was hunted down by the Cave Heavens and Paradises. Now that he had a chance to get some revenge, he certainly wouldn’t miss it. The grudges between those great forces and him had been formed, so it made no difference to him whether he killed even more of their disciples.

The cultivators behind him turned into rays of light and shot towards another Array Node where five more Open Heaven Realm Masters had gathered together to support the operation of the Array.

Seeing so many enemies coming at them, this group of 5 wouldn’t dare to remain.

Upon seeing that, the other Open Heaven Realm Masters in other Array Nodes ground their teeth and stopped operating the Array before gathering together in the same spot. If they worried about the Array, they would be killed by Black Crow and the others one by one. By then, none of them could hope to leave this place alive.

Only by gathering together could they stand a chance to go against Black Crow and his subordinates.

Soon, two groups clashed in a fierce battle.

Black Crow remained in the same spot as a mysterious aura swirled around him. The vitality of the deceased Open Heaven Realm Masters was attracted by this aura and converged around him. In the blink of an eye, Black Crow was engulfed in a thick layer of blood mist.

“So delicious! The Blood Essence of those from the Cave Heavens and Paradises tastes so different!” Black Crow was heard laughing from inside the blood mist.

The High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters caught up in the Heaven Covering Web were infuriated. The Thousand Eyed Demon Phantom behind Ti Zheng kept beaming out dark lights and wielded his blade. At the same time, the gigantic Spirit Peak Manifestation behind another Master repeatedly attempted to smash Zhu Jiu Yin’s true form.

All four High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters were trying their hardest in an attempt to break free from the web.

However, without the restriction of the Locking Divine Spirit Array, Zhu Jiu Yin became even more powerful as she was able to hold down the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters more easily.

...

One would expect that the centre of the spider web would be the most chaotic, but it was the most serene spot instead. Space Principles undulated around Yang Kai as he kept using different hand seals before pushing out his palms at the Void in front of him.

He could sense that there were some unusual space fluctuations before him and he could even faintly feel the aura of another world from it.

[It must be the aura of the Shadowless Cave Heaven!]

As long as he could open up the portal, he would have a chance to look for the Proprietress inside and bring her out.