Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 43

Chapter 4370 – Innumerable Wonders

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

!!

Despite that realization, Yang Kai was still unable to achieve his goal regardless of how hard he tried. The entrance of that Universe Cave Heaven was like a hefty door. No matter how much force he exerted, he was unable to open it.

The intense battle went on.

The appearance of Black Crow and his subordinates divided the battlefield into two separate clashes. One of which was Zhu Jiu Yin battling against four High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters on her own while the other was the intense battle between two groups of several dozen Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Even though the battle between Zhu Jiu Yin and the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters was world-shaking, they all possessed incredible strength and abilities; therefore, despite the fact that they had fully used their powers, they had fallen into a kind of stalemate. With that said, it was inevitable that they became injured, especially Ti Zheng. Zhu Jiu Yin was incensed that this man humiliated her earlier, so most of her attacks were targeted at him, causing him to groan in exasperation.

In the other clash, people were heard shrieking as lives were lost with great frequency.

Both sides had roughly the same number of people, and they were equally matched when it came to their Orders. However, Black Crow and his subordinates were undoubtedly weaker when it came to their collective power. Just like how Mo Mei, a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, wasn’t a match for Luan Bai Feng in the past, Black Crow’s subordinates were all newly promoted Open Heaven Realm Masters, so they hadn’t had time to consolidate their foundations and build up their heritage, leading them to be weaker than the Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters brought to this place by Ti Zheng and the others.

Moreover, the Secret Techniques and artifacts they used were inferior to those of the other party.

Surprisingly though, Black Crow and his subordinates actually gained the upper hand quite quickly.

When Black Crow resolved the Blood Principle Restriction on these Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters in the past, he used a trick and made sure that he could control their life or death. Therefore, as soon as he gave the order, none of them dared to be negligent as they went all out, risking their lives.

Furthermore, Black Crow and his subordinates had killed some opponents in their initial surprise attack, so the momentum was already on their side.

Once they engaged in battle, the Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises found it hard to breathe and were soon suppressed.

The situation exacerbated for them when Black Crow joined the battle.

The body taken over by Black Crow was that of Zhou Yi from Great Thousand Blood Land. Even though Zhou Yi was a Core Disciple in his great force, he was still far weaker than Qu Hua Shang and the others as he only managed to condense Fifth-Order Powers.

Black Crow had inherited Zhou Yi’s heritage, so he could only reach the Fifth-Order when he ascended to the Open Heaven Realm.

However, after using the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture to absorb the Blood Essence of all the deceased Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters around him, his aura surged to the point where it was on par with an ordinary Sixth-Order Master.

He was an Old Master who was reborn in someone else’s body; coupled with his Sixth-Order strength, no one beneath the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters was his match.

He had mastered the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture, which contained many powerful methods that he could now use with ease. Immediately after he joined the battle, countless Blood Crows flew around and squawked loudly, blinding and distracting his opponents. All of the Blood Crows were relentless, and even after they were destroyed, they would simply re-condense. The Cave Heavens and Paradises’ side soon found themselves overwhelmed.

If a person was covered in three to four layers of blood mist, he was basically doomed in such a battle.

Within an incense stick, six Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises had been captured alive. Black Crow sealed their cultivations and had one of his subordinates guard them.

Obviously, he was planning to bring these people back to serve as his blood sacrifices.

A lot of Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters had lost their lives already. In a short period of time, more than ten such Masters were killed on both sides, most of which came from the Cave Heavens and Paradises. Black Crow had only lost a couple of subordinates so far.

Whenever someone was killed though, Black Crow would use the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture to absorb all of their Blood Essence.

The Blood Qi around Black Crow thickened by the moment, and his aura became increasingly horrifying. He was starting to show signs of truly breaking through to the Sixth-Order.

Certainly, the four High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters who were caught up in the Heaven Covering Web could see that the other battle wasn’t going in their favour as many of their subordinates had lost their lives. While Ti Zheng roared repeatedly, another person threatened that he would skin Black Crow alive sooner or later.

Of course, Black Crow just snorted and ignored them.

Such a great chance was hard to come by. Even though he was fairly strong now, he could only run for his life if he was faced with High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters. That was the reason he had been hiding in the Shattered Heaven all this time.

However, the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises were presently held down by Zhu Jiu Yin, so Black Crow had nothing to worry about.

It felt exhilarating to take advantage of the disciples from the Cave Heavens and Paradises in such a brazen manner.

Although he was lending Yang Kai a hand in an indirect way, he had indeed gained a lot of benefits; therefore, he decided to let Yang Kai off for now. As for the grudges between them, he would get even with him when he fully recovered in the future.

The subordinates of the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters were all either dead or injured now. If the remaining ones stayed any longer, all of them would be killed or captured. While facing Zhu Jiu Yin’s wrath, Ti Zheng yelled at those surviving Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters, “All of you, leave!”

The reason he brought them over was to arrange the Locking Divine Spirit Array to pin down Zhu Jiu Yin. Now that the Spirit Array was destroyed and could no longer be used, it was pointless for them to keep staying here. They would only be killed by Black Crow in the end. Since some of them were still alive, the best course of action was for them to flee.

The remaining eight Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters had been waiting for permission to leave, so as soon as they heard Ti Zheng’s order, they activated their Secret Techniques and ran for their lives without hesitation.

“None of you can flee from here!” Black Crow snorted and shook his figure, whereupon rays of blood light beamed out of his body. Like maggots on rotting bones, those rays of blood light chased after those disciples. Once someone was struck, his figure would be greatly weakened, then Black Crow’s subordinates would pounce on and capture them.

Meanwhile, Black Crow charged towards a certain Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master who was engulfed in Demon Qi.

He had his eyes on that person not because the latter was powerful, but because he was running the fastest. As blood light broke through the air, Black Crow was about to reach that person and with a grin, he extended his hand and shouted, “You won’t get away!”

That person hurriedly turned around and pushed out his palm.

Black Crow sneered in disdain. He usually wouldn’t even have any regard for a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, not to mention that he had absorbed a lot of high-quality Blood Essence just now and was significantly more powerful than before.

As they traded moves, their World Forces clashed violently. Black Crow performed a hand seal and activated the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture.

Given his power and his mastery of the Blood Light Scripture, there was no way an ordinary Fifth-Order Master could get away from having his Blood Essence absorbed by him.

However, what took place next surprised him. As they traded moves, Black Crow could feel a horrifying suction coming from the other party’s palm. The suction power was similar to his Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture, but there were some slight differences. Even though the person seemed inexperienced when using this technique, his suction power was just as great as that of Black Crow.

Instead of absorbing the other party’s Blood Essence, the overconfident Black Crow had some of his own Blood Qi sucked away by that person.

Following a loud boom, that person was sent flying away as Demon Qi around him undulated.

In the end, there was still a gap between their powers. Following the clash, this Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master suffered a setback as expected; however, he was pretty swift and using the momentum from being flung back, he turned into a cloud of Demon Qi and flew away.

Black Crow was still shocked by the exchange of attacks earlier, and by the time he came to his senses, the other party was already nowhere in sight.

Then, he looked down at his palm as his bloodshot eyes glistened, “Interesting! How interesting!”

He wondered what kind of Secret Art that Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master from Myriad Demons Heaven had cultivated. Through their brief contact just now, he could feel that the other party’s Secret Art must be extremely abstruse, but due to the fact that the person still hadn’t mastered it, his execution appeared somewhat amateurish.

That person could already display such an immense power before mastering his Secret Art. Therefore, the Secret Art must be as powerful as the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture, if not even more so.

It seemed there truly were innumerable wonders in this expansive world.

As Black Crow stared intently in the direction that person had fled, he snorted before turning around with his hands behind his back.

In just a short while, the dust had settled and of the original twenty or so Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises, other than six who managed to flee, all the others were either killed or captured.

...

Black Crow’s subordinates were also wounded as their auras faltered and World Forces trembled. There were over twenty of them initially, but now there were only about a dozen. He had lost ten subordinates in that battle.

Rays of blood light could be seen shooting out of the corpses and gathering around Black Crow.

Tan Luo Xing and the others stared at him in horror, but none of them dared to utter a word.

Meanwhile, the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters and the gigantic Heavenly Moon Demon Spider were still locked in an intense battle in the Heaven Covering Web that stretched across the void. Black Crow licked his lips as though he was drooling over some delicious dishes.

If possible, he wouldn’t mind interfering in that battle too. The Blood Essence of High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters and a Divine Spirit were on a completely different scale compared to what he had absorbed earlier. The Blood Essence of a powerful Master would be greatly beneficial to him.

However, he was incapable of interfering in such a battle. Even if he made all his subordinates join in, it wouldn’t make a difference.

Suppressing his greed, Black Crow sneered, “All of you from 36 Cave Heavens and 72 Paradises, widen your eyes and look! This is the consequence of going against me! And this is just the beginning. There will come a day when this Monarch re-enters the 3,000 Worlds, storms into your Headquarters, and kills all of you!”

Ti Zheng bellowed, “Old dog, how dare you act so presumptuous! You court death!”

Black Crow scoffed, “You’ll find out whether this Monarch is the presumptuous one later. Let’s go!”

Following that, he turned around and left. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Ti Zheng and the others were both shocked and infuriated. One of them bellowed, “Don’t flee, you coward!”

...

There were four High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters around, so how could they possibly let Black Crow just take their subordinates away? However, even though they wanted to save them, they were unable to do so. Before destroying Zhu Jiu Yin’s Heaven Covering Web, none of them could leave this place.