Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 43

Chapter 4375 – Too Fast

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

!!

Ti Zheng and the others stared intently outside the Heaven Covering Web. Upon seeing that Yang Kai had started refining the Fifth-Order Heavenly Yin Sand, they breathed a sigh of relief.

Once the process started, it couldn’t be stopped. That was because Yang Kai’s Dao Seal had been affected by the Yin Element Power in the Heavenly Yin Sand as he built his Open Heaven Realm foundation. There was nothing else he could do to reverse it unless he used something like Tai Yi Soul Cleansing Water to wipe clean his Dao Seal.

However, in that case, all his previous efforts would also be erased.

Initially, they were worried that Yang Kai might go back on his word; after all, if they were him, they would never be willing to ascend to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm when they had a chance to make it to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm directly. Therefore, they wouldn’t be surprised even if he went back on his word at the last moment.

However, his action at this moment suggested that he was truly determined.

Therefore, they admired the fact that he was able to leave his aspiration behind and make do with such an inferior result.

Throughout history, only a small number of people were able to directly ascend to the Seventh-Order. Given such a chance, Ti Zheng and the others reckoned that they would never give it up, but Yang Kai could do that.

“He’s indeed a loyal brat.” One of the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters gently nodded.

“What a shame.” Another person shook his head. It wasn’t certain whether he felt sorry for the fact that Yang Kai had to waste his aptitude or something else. Although they were the ones who forced Yang Kai to take such an action, they still felt sympathetic when they saw him do it.

Ti Zheng put on a smile, “There’s nothing to feel sorry about since we can’t use him.”

The person who spoke earlier gave it a thought and nodded, “You’re right.”

The last person fell silent for a moment before uttering, “This brat’s Dao Seal is indeed very sturdy. Don’t you think the speed at which he’s refining the Heavenly Yin Sand is too fast?”

Upon hearing that, all of them immediately turned to look at Yang Kai. Just like what their colleague had said, the speed at which Yang Kai was refining the Heavenly Yin Sand was outrageously fast. The glowing grains of sand could be seen dimming at a rate visible to the naked eye.

Given his speed, it would only take him one or two days to fully refine the Heavenly Yin Sand.

All of them were stunned as this was a Fifth-Order Yin Element treasure. Its Order was neither too high nor too low. Usually, it would take an average Open Heaven Realm Master a few months to refine it. For someone with a great aptitude, it would still take him ten days to half a month.

The fact that Yang Kai was able to do it in one or two days was unbelievable.

This outcome suggested that Yang Kai’s Dao Seal was extremely sturdy, so the impact of the Fifth-Order Yin Element Power penetrating his body was almost negligible. That was the reason he was able to refine it without any concern.

All of them were High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters who had lived for a long time and seen many gifted people, but none of those people were comparable to Yang Kai. Although they couldn’t inspect his Dao Seal, they believed it was far more robust than that of anyone else just by looking at the speed he was refining the Heavenly Yin Sand.

A person with a sturdy Dao Seal was able to condense Element Powers swiftly, and there was only a minimal risk for him to ascend to the Open Heaven Realm. Coupled with the fact that Yang Kai had Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pills, it could be said that it was practically risk-free for him to ascend to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

Now, the crux of the matter was how strong the foundation of his Small Universe would be after he achieved his ascension. With a strong foundation, he would become powerful in the future, and vice versa. Nevertheless, he would still be just a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, so it wouldn’t matter regardless of how strong his foundation would be.

While Ti Zheng and the others were paying close attention to Yang Kai, Zhu Jiu Yin and her companions were staring vigilantly at the other party. On the other hand, Yang Kai was focused on refining the Heavenly Yin Sand in the centre of Heaven Covering Web.

A sense of coldness penetrated his physique through his pores before converging in his Dao Seal under his guidance.

The Powers of Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, and Yang had already gathered together in his Dao Seal, so he needed only one more. As he absorbed the Yin Element Power from the Heavenly Yin Sand, his Dao Seal gradually became complete.

The Yin, Yang, and Five Element Powers mutually supported and suppressed one another as they formed an endless cycle in his body.

The power of the cycle clashed within his Dao Seal, and following every collision, there seemed to be a bell that rang loudly in his body, which shook his very soul.

Initially, this kind of movement was still not conspicuous, but as Yang Kai refined more of the Yin Element Power, the movement became increasingly violent.

When Yang Kai refined his Metal Element Power, thus gathering all Five Element Powers previously, he realised that a crack had appeared in his Dao Seal. He was shocked as he thought that something had gone wrong with his cultivation; however, he couldn’t feel there were any problems with him. Be it cultivating or using his strength, he faced no obstacles at all. Instead, he felt that his power had increased after he condensed the Metal Element Power.

Still worried, he asked Yue He about it.

It was then he learned that when a cultivator ascended to the Open Heaven Realm, his Dao Seal would break apart to allow his own Grand Dao to merge with the Seven Elements to form his Small Universe.

Nevertheless, the average cultivator would only see his Dao Seal cracking when ascending to the Open Heaven Realm, but such an incident happened to Yang Kai in advance. Perhaps the Order of the Elements he had condensed was too high, leading to such a result.

Regardless, this was a good thing for him. Anyone who wished to ascend to the Open Heaven Realm had to go through this trial. If he couldn’t successfully integrate his Grand Dao with his Small Universe, his ascension would fail. Since Yang Kai’s Dao Seal had started cracking earlier, things would become easier when he attempted his breakthrough.

As he condensed more of the Yin Element Power, more cracks started appearing on his Dao Seal, as though it would collapse at any moment.

At the same time, a chaotic aura started exuding from Yang Kai, who was seated in the centre of Heaven Covering Web.

Anyone who noticed this aura would be stunned as they stared fixedly at Yang Kai. All of them were Open Heaven Realm Masters who had tread the same path, so they were aware that it was the most critical moment for Yang Kai.

Before Heaven and Earth split apart, there was only chaos. It was apparent that Yang Kai was on the brink of achieving his breakthrough. So far, it had only been one day since he started refining the Heavenly Yin Sand.

Anyone could see that the Heavenly Yin Sand, which looked like a swirling galaxy, had lost all its glow and spirituality. That was because the Yin Element Power within it had been fully absorbed.

There was no doubt that Yang Kai was a genius.

Even the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters were unable to refine a Fifth-Order material in a day, not to mention a mere Emperor Realm Junior.

A mysterious power trembled violently within Yang Kai’s body. With him as the centre, visible ripples were seen spreading out in a regular manner.

Since all the Power in the Heavenly Yin Sand had been refined, it turned into dust and scattered with the wind as soon as it came into contact with these ripples.

Meanwhile, all of Yang Kai’s skin had reddened as his chaotic aura became even more conspicuous.

He felt like he had been trapped inside a thick membrane, as though he had returned to his mother’s womb. He was restricted in every way, which made him feel extremely unpleasant. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Inside his Dao Seal, Yin, Yang, and Five Element Powers moved in a cyclical manner as they clashed with Yang Kai. Following every collision, he felt his Soul shuddering violently. Not only was he unable to make his mind focus, but he also couldn’t control one bit of his energy.

Yang Kai was flabbergasted as it was only now that he realised how dangerous the process of ascending to the Open Heaven Realm really was. If he wasn’t careful enough, he would instantly lose his life.

His Dao Seal was pretty sturdy to begin with, and he had consumed a lot of Divine Dao Water which fortified his Dao Seal to the point that there was no room for improvement.

It could be said that within the Half-Step Open Heaven Realm, no one was a match for him when it came to the sturdiness of their Dao Seal.

Every time he condensed a High-Rank Element Power, his Dao Seal would be bombarded by that same Power. Fortunately, he managed to endure each time.

When he finally completed his Dao Seal with a Yin Element Power this time, he realised that the collisions he had experienced in the past were nothing compared to what he was going through now.

The Powers in his body, except for the Fifth-Order Yin Element Power he had just refined, were all High-Rank Powers. As they clashed with Yang Kai in succession, he felt his body and Soul shuddering. Only when the Yin Element Power collided with him did he feel an almost negligible impact.

He had to face such a difficult trial even though he was just ascending to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm. If he really attempted to make it to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, the difficulty he would have had to face would be far greater. It was no wonder that only a small number of people had managed to directly break through to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm throughout history. Even if someone had condensed the requisite High-Rank Elements like Yang Kai, they might still lose their life at this last step.

...

As more cracks appeared on Yang Kai’s Dao Seal, it seemed that it would break apart soon.

However, he realised that he was still unable to get rid of this thick restrictive membrane around him, and even his mind seemed to be lost in a foggy state. What was worse, the chaotic aura was increasingly thickening.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai came to the realization that if he couldn’t break through the barrier after his Dao Seal exploded, he would fall into danger.

At this life-and-death moment, he became calm instead as he attentively sensed the chaotic aura and let the Powers of Yin, Yang and the Five Elements clash with his Dao Seal without restraint.

He still had some Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pills, but he hadn’t planned on using any of them. It was a good idea to use a Spirit Pill to assist his ascension, but it wouldn’t be as rewarding as if he achieved the ascension through his own perseverance.

He had initially intended to ascend to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm directly, but now he had to make do with the Fifth-Order. If he still needed to use a Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pill now, it would only mean he wasn’t gifted after all.

In the past, he had consumed a fair amount of World Source Liquid, allowing him to sense the magnificence of Heaven and Earth splitting apart.

However, he realised that he couldn’t recall most of the details now. Still, he would never forget that innate feeling.

As time passed, everyone could see that Yang Kai’s skin was alternating between red, white, and blue. That was the result of the Powers of Yin, Yang and the Five Elements weltering in his body.

The Primordial Elements of the Universe turned in an endless cycle, supporting and suppressing one another as the chaotic aura around Yang Kai thickened by the breath. One could see that Yang Kai had been engulfed by very thick fog, which couldn’t be peered through even using one’s Divine Sense.

Yue He was on pins and needles as she stared fixedly at the fog while Bai Qi balled up his fists and hoped that Yang Kai would succeed. To the side, Qu Hua Shang was secretly praying for him.

...

As Zhu Jiu Yin watched coldly, she couldn’t help but mutter, “What is this smelly brat doing?”

[Is it really so difficult to ascend to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm?]