Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 44

Chapter 4426 – He Really Came

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As a shopkeeper of First Inn, the Proprietress had a lot of connections, and she was adept at gathering information; moreover, First Inn was the property of an Elder from Xuan Yuan Cave Heaven named Si Tu Kong, so it was related to the aforementioned Cave Heaven.

Therefore, she definitely knew better than most people about this kind of information. Since she had said it wasn’t the case, it must be the truth.

“Although the rumours are false, the reason those Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Second Class great forces are not willing to ascend to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm does have something to do with the Cave Heavens and Paradises. As for the exact reason…” The Proprietress shook her head and fell silent, apparently unwilling to disclose anything more.

Mao Zhe and the others exchanged glances as they felt like they were on tenterhooks; however, since the Proprietress wasn’t willing to explain anything, they were not in any place to force her.

In any case, the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters at the scene were worried about ascending to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm in the future. The Proprietress’ words suggested that it might not be a good thing to reach the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm.

“The heritages of those Second Class great forces are not as simple as they seem either as their inheritances stretch back for many millennia. If they’re faced with a crisis that would destroy their Sects, they might just display a power that is unimaginable under normal circumstances.” The Proprietress turned to look at Yang Kai, “Although Golden Rainbow Province isn’t famous now, they have existed for far longer than Boundless Altar. Several tens of thousands of years ago, Golden Rainbow Province had a heritage that was approaching that of the 72 Paradises; however, they slowly declined for some reason.”

Yang Kai was astounded, “I can’t believe Golden Rainbow Province was so powerful in the past.”

If they were approaching the level of the 72 Paradises in the past, they should have been able to raise multiple High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters. When a person reached the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm, they could easily live for several tens of thousands of years. It wasn’t certain what happened to Golden Rainbow Province that led to their downfall, but now, even the former Lord of Golden Rainbow Province, Qi Jin, was only in the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

With that said, what happened in Boundless Altar should serve as a warning to Yang Kai. His encounter in Boundless Altar made him realise that these long-time great forces might have some hidden powers, so he should never let his guard down; otherwise, he was bound to suffer a setback.

The Proprietress said with a smile, “These great forces must have some capital in order to gain a footing in the 3,000 Worlds. Golden Rainbow Province and Boundless Altar are the epitomes of such great forces. You must not be so reckless when you go about your business in the outside world. Don’t oppress any Second Class great force as you please, for some of them might be concealing High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters.”

A shocked Yang Kai asked, “If a Second Class great force has a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master, wouldn’t that make it First Class?”

The Proprietress shook her head, “It doesn’t work that way. When people mention First Class great forces, they’re talking about the Cave Heavens and Paradises. Those that are under Cave Heavens and Paradises cannot be considered First Class.”

A solemn Yang Kai said, “Got it.” He looked in Golden Rainbow Province’s direction and wondered how much heritage they had.

The ship continued moving forward.

Yang Kai had been to Golden Rainbow Territory once before, when Bai Qi was about to ascend to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm. The Proprietress brought him and Bai Qi to this Great Territory and it was in this place that they were besieged by Qi Jin, Ling Chun Qiu, and the others. Bai Qi was disturbed during his breakthrough and almost lost his life as a result.

The reason the Proprietress brought Yang Kai to that place was to let him observe the process of ascending to the Open Heaven Realm so that he could gain some experience from it.

At that time, he had only condensed his Wood and Fire Element Powers, but now he was a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Master. Things had changed greatly even though not long had passed.

Faced with the siege of those Open Heaven Realm Masters, Yang Kai, an Emperor Realm cultivator back then, was unable to do anything. In the end, he had to use one of Mie Meng’s golden feathers to kill a Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, thus alleviating some of the Proprietress’ burden.

Now that he was a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master though, a Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was no different from an ant in his eyes.

Although Golden Rainbow Province sounded like a Third Class great force, it was Second Class in reality. It was just that they had been in existence for a long time, so they didn’t want to bother changing their name.

Golden Rainbow Province was undoubtedly the ruler in Golden Rainbow Territory.

Just like the status of Void Land in Void Territory, Golden Rainbow Province was in charge of more than ten Third Class great forces and dozens of Universe Worlds of different sizes in this Great Territory.

There was an expansive Spirit Province hovering in the void, and its natural landscape was as beautiful as a painting.

There were some light barriers around the Spirit Province that reflected the view around the void, and in front of every light barrier stood a Golden Rainbow Province disciple that was staring out intently, as though they were waiting for something.

All of a sudden, a ship appeared right in front of a certain light barrier as the vessel charged towards Golden Rainbow Province. The disciple responsible for guarding the light barrier straightened up and performed different hand seals as the reflection of the light barrier magnified before his eyes. Soon, the figures on the deck clearly came into his sight.

After making out the appearance of a particular man, the disciple yelled, “He really came!”

Just then, Yang Kai, who was standing on the deck, turned to look in a direction and snorted before pushing out his palm.

The power of the palm seemed able to move both time and space in silence.

The light barrier in front of Golden Rainbow Province that reflected the ship broke apart in an instant. The Open Heaven Realm Master, who was guarding the light barrier, was sent flying away as though he had been struck by lightning. He sprayed out a mouthful of blood, then got to his feet with difficulty. His expression had been transformed by horror.

Void Spying Secret Technique was a method used by those from Golden Rainbow Province to monitor their surroundings. It was supposed to be silent, and impossible to detect. However, the other party had noticed his observation and even harmed him by pushing out his palm from afar. It had to be noted that it would still take the ship two or more hours before it reached Golden Rainbow Province. The person on the ship was clearly extraordinarily powerful since he was able to send the force of his palm across such a vast distance.

Given the disciple’s cultivation, he was probably as fragile as an ant in front of that person. Not daring to be negligent, he immediately sent a message to the higher-ups.

On the deck, Yang Kai lowered his gaze and fell into his thoughts, “They seem to be monitoring the surroundings from every angle in Golden Rainbow Province. Are they guarding against someone?” He had a feeling that something was off, but he wasn’t able to put his finger on it.

On a certain Spirit Peak in Golden Rainbow Province, the new Leader Chang Qi Shui abruptly opened his eyes as a glint flashed through his gaze, then he said, “That person is here. The very survival of Golden Rainbow Province hinges on all of us. Fellow Brothers, I hope you’ll be united with me to fend off our enemies.”

The previous Leader of Golden Rainbow Province was Qi Jin; however, just like Ling Chun Qiu, he was killed in Void Land. Since he was dead, those from Golden Rainbow Province had to elect a new Leader.

Just like Qi Jin, Chang Qi Shui was also a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, one of the remaining three in Golden Rainbow Province.

As Chang Qi Shui spoke, two grunts of agreement came from the void.

“Left and Right Protectors, come with me to greet our guests!” Chang Qi Shui rose from where he was sitting and then two rays of light shot from two different peaks and stood behind him. They were the two Protectors of Golden Rainbow Province who were both Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

All three Fifth-Order Masters of Golden Rainbow Province were present, which went to show how highly they regarded these ‘visitors’.

With that said, it wasn’t like they could take the visitors lightly. About one month ago, Boundless Altar’s Second Elder unexpectedly came to visit them. Thinking that the other party might have some serious matters to discuss, Chang Qi Shui personally greeted him.

Then, he heard a piece of terrible news from the Second Elder. Boundless Altar was destroyed, and its thousands of disciples were now homeless. What was worse, Golden Rainbow Province was probably next.

Chang Qi Shui was flabbergasted, but upon some probing, he learned that it was the doing of Void Land’s Yang Kai. The previous Leader Qi Jin had followed the Union Master of Heavenly Sword Union, Kong Feng, to invade Void Land. Everyone in Golden Rainbow Province was aware of that fact. In the end, Qi Jin was killed in battle, along with all the disciples and Elders who went with him.

There were not a lot of Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Golden Rainbow Province to begin with, and Qi Jin was the strongest among them, but he was killed mercilessly. It could be said that the battle had caused immense losses to Golden Rainbow Province.

Recently, they had been staying in Golden Rainbow Territory. In fact, they had thought about avenging the former Leader’s death. Regardless of what the grudges were between Qi Jin and Void Land or who was in the wrong, those from Golden Rainbow Province couldn’t pretend that nothing had happened since their Leader was killed.

However, they could only remain silent since they were not powerful enough to seek revenge.

It never crossed their minds that those from Void Land would be so relentless as to launch an attack on Boundless Altar and force all of its members to flee.

According to Boundless Altar’s Second Elder, Yang Kai had only brought with him about 70 people, despite that, they were all in the Open Heaven Realm, and there were six or seven Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. Such a lineup was truly terrifying.

Upon hearing the Second Elder’s words, Chang Qi Shui felt his heart sinking as a coldness came over his entire figure.

There were only three Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Golden Rainbow Province, but they were now faced with seven Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters? How were they supposed to survive? The two parties weren’t even on the same level. When their enemies knocked on their door, Golden Rainbow Province would be destroyed with ease.

After the Second Elder from Boundless Altar revealed the information to them, he left in a hurry.

On the other hand, Chang Qi Shui and the other Elders of Golden Rainbow Province felt like they were on pins and needles. If the Second Elder’s words were true, Yang Kai would never let Golden Rainbow Province off. It was just a matter of time before he arrived at their Sect.

...

None of them could come up with any solution as in the face of absolute power, all plots were meaningless.

In the end, they decided to report the matter to their Old Ancestor, who had been cultivating in seclusion for a long time, so that she could make a decision.

The Old Ancestor was a supreme being in Golden Rainbow Province; however, since she had been cultivating in seclusion for nearly 3,000 years, other than a small number of Elders, most weren’t even aware she existed.

Chang Qi Shui had met the Old Ancestor once when he was an Emperor Realm Junior in the past, and had never seen her since. He wasn’t even sure whether the Old Ancestor was still alive or not.

Nevertheless, before the Old Ancestor entered seclusion back then, she was already a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. 3,000 years had passed, so she was probably very close to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm. Given her cultivation, she might be able to force those from Void Land back. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Chang Qi Shui paid a visit to the Old Ancestor, who was in a Restricted Area of Golden Rainbow Province; however, he wasn’t able to meet her and could only speak to her from a distance.

Upon hearing his report, the Old Ancestor told him to leave. Before that, she assured Chang Qi Shui that their Sect would be fine. She would make sure that their enemies wouldn’t leave alive should they have the guts to appear.

Chang Qi Shui set his mind at ease upon getting such assurances as he speculated that the Old Ancestor must have ascended to the Seventh-Order. If not, the Old Ancestor wouldn’t have said such a thing. It had to be noted that many Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters from Void Land were coming, so unless there was a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master around, it would be impossible for them to repel the enemy.