Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The imaginary swordsmanship is located between several small and incomprehensible peaks. Yang Kai searches for the memory in his mind and finds that the time of this imaginary swordsmanship is not short, for thousands of years, in such a world. In the middle, there are not many forces that can be passed down to the millennium. Generally, only a very old-fashioned force will have such a long history.

And the ancestors of the virtual spirit sword school, it seems that a sword master was born!

The so-called sword master is the master of the gods.

There are ten **** soldiers in the gods and soldiers. The Qingxu sword is one of them. A ancestor of the virtual spirit sword school had the privilege of winning the virtual sword and becoming the master of the Qingxu sword. In that era, it was the most evil sword school. The era of prosperity.

However, there is a battle for the gods and soldiers in every hundred years. The gods and soldiers are easy to change. After a hundred years of a great war, the sacred swordsmen suffered heavy losses, and they slowly weakened. Until today, the imaginary swordsmanship is only left. Three or two kittens and puppies support the facade without falling, and even repaired to be the strongest imaginary swordsman, but only the three-level repair.

Da da da……

The sound of horseshoes stepping on the gravel is endless. Yang Kai leads the younger sister Wan Yingying to ride up the mountain. It is not too slow or slow. In the first few miles, it is the mountain gate of the virtual spirit sword school, but on the way back, Wan Yingying However, she was always looking at the back of Yang Kai’s silence. The performance of today’s masters frightened her, and it was completely different from her impression, giving her a deep sense of strangeness.

A few of the eight-layer and nine-layer masters, in the hands of the masters, did not support a fragrant time, they were killed, and even Zhan Yulin of Tianluo was also killed under the master's sword.

"How have you been looking at me all the time? Don't you know the master?" Yang Kai's voice came.

Wan Yingying discovered that the master did not know when he had stopped and was looking back at himself with a smile.

The familiar face and smile made her feel a little more worried. Immediately before, she walked side by side with Yang Kai and hesitated: "Master, have you been so powerful?"

Yang Kai shook his head and said: "It's not that I am very powerful. They are too weak and have too many flaws. If they are not close to each other, a fatal flaw will be enough to kill them."

There are four layers of people and eight layers of nine layers. Is the gap still small? However, the performance of the master today made her unable to refute.

"Master, have you used the virtual sword before? How do you feel a little different?" Wan Yingying asked.

The imaginary swordsmanship is based on the imaginary swordsmanship. Every disciple needs to practice this sword. Recalling today’s battle, Wan Yingying discovered that the masters have displayed the shadow of the imaginary sword, but Not exactly the same.

"It's a virtual sword, but it's a virtual sword after I improve it. I will teach you back!" Yang Kai reached out and rubbed her head.

Wan Yingying’s tongue and sorrowful swordsmanship have been passed down through the martial art for thousands of years. I don’t know how many ancestors have improved and perfected. It can be said that today’s imaginary swords are not so high-end, but they are also very solid. The sword is smashed, and the master can actually improve it, which is incredible.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

When the two talked, they had reached the mountain gate of the imaginary sword school. A huge stone tablet reveals the vicissitudes of the vicissitudes of life, and the words of the imaginary spirit are written. The disciples wearing blue and white costumes are guarding the side. This costume is a virtual sword. The uniforms of the disciples were sent, and Yang Kai and Wan Yingying took the initiative to welcome them.

"Master is back!"

Yang Kai slightly decapitated, turned over and handed the reins to one of his disciples: "Where is the leader?"

"The proprietor should discuss things with the two elders in the House of the House, and the Master can go there to find him."

Yang opened his nod. "It's hard for you."

Looking at the figure that Yang Kai left, the two disciples were slightly lost.

“I always feel that my master is a little different today.” One of them is human.

"I also have this feeling, the former master brother..." The other person thought for a while, and considered the wording. "I feel dead, and it seems to be alive again today."

"Not bad, it is like this, it seems that the master has come out of the previous things."

"That's good, there is no grass in the world. It is not a good woman at the end of the week. It is also a good thing for the master to be able to let go."

The Yang Jian of the imaginary swordsman, who is generous and gentle, has the respect and love of the younger brothers and sisters. Before the Zhou Yu’s affairs, many younger brothers and sisters were extremely worried about him. Now he sees him out of the shadows, naturally also for him. feel happy.

The House of the Defence, the Emperor of the Sword of the Sword, the Su Changfa, the Great Elder Gu Kangning, and the two elders’ red sleeves gathered together.

The imaginary swordsmanship is weak, and now the oldest generation has only three of them, and the three of them are also the three strongest sects of the imaginary swords, all of which have three levels of cultivation.

However, the third to fourth floors are a watershed. Just like the three products and the four products, the qualifications are insufficient and cannot be crossed.

The potential of the proprietor Su Changfa has been exhausted. I am afraid that I will only stop at the third floor in this life. The big elder Gu Kangning is also similar. If anyone in the trio can step out of this step, only one red sleeve is possible.

The red sleeves are also the youngest among the three, but now they are more than forty years old. However, because they are properly maintained, they look like women in their early twenties. The skin is white and tender, and the chest is full and the body is slim.

She is also the only woman among the three.

"This cockroach found the black jade mine under the ash mountain under the jurisdiction of my imaginary sword sect. Somehow, I leaked the wind. The tiger slammed the doorman has come to me a few days ago. There are many hints in the speech, I am afraid that I want it. A piece of cake!" Su Changfa sighed, he is now almost a hundred years old, although there are ground level repairs, but also can live for years, but so many years to manage the martial art has long made his heart, his face looks old.

"Budget, this is the black jade mine of my virtual sword school. What is the point of his tiger's door!" The great elder Gu Kangning angered.

Su Changfa sighed: "If you don't agree, Hu Xiaomen is afraid that he will not give up, and the husband is guilty of sin! The strength of Huxiaomen is much stronger than ours. If it is really strong, we have no way. ""

The red-sleeved face is dignified: "This big piece of fat meat can't be eaten by my virtual spirit sword. The tiger's door is self-sufficient. It is natural to want to share some of it. Tianluo's side? The news has been leaked. Tianluo should not be unresponsive."

Su Changfa shook his head: "Tianluo has not had any movements until now, and I don't know what the idea is, but what is certain is that they will intervene in this black jade mine!"

Red sleeves said: "If this is the case, you can temporarily wait and see one or two. Tianluo and Huxiaomen are similar in strength. Since both of them have ideas about this black jade mine, they will certainly have some confrontation. Maybe you can find a good opportunity in the cracks."

Su Changfa said: "The red sleeves are good, and the old man is exactly this idea. So I didn't immediately give the Tigers a reply. Let's take a look at what is going on in Tianluo and then do it..."

When I said this, I suddenly looked up and saw a smile on the old face: "Yang Kai is back?"

Next to the valley, Corning glared at the iron and glared at the past, and the red sleeves looked at Yang with some concern.

"The disciple has seen the Master, and I have seen two elders!" Yang Kai stood in shape and held a fist, and Wan Yingying followed suit.

On the way to here, Yang Kai took time to change his clothes, or else he was **** and looked scary.

Gu Kangning angered: "I don't want to do business all day, I don't know where to run around, a bit of alcohol, my virtual swordsman is counting on you, and sooner or later you have to kill the door!"

The elders did not dislike Yang Kai, but the fact that Yang Kai’s watch was too disappointing in the past year, the export reprimand is also anger!

The red sleeve quickly said: "Not so serious, the child's heart is not stable enough, always takes time to polish."

"What to polish, how big he is this year, only the four-level cultivation of the human ranks, when can he go to the level, he is a ghost, and I am afraid that people will not know how to fight back. This is the case last time. The nose and blue face that was beaten by others ran back, and I just lost the face of my virtual sword." Gu Kangning was discouraged.

Yang Kaichao took a ritual: "The great elders learned that the disciples knew the mistakes. Before the disciples disappointed the teachers and the elders of the two elders, but now the disciples have suddenly realized that they will work harder and will never Defeat the expectations of the Master and the two elders."

Gu Kangning is slightly awkward. I don’t know if Yang Kai is telling the truth or a false statement. The anger is a little bit arrogant. He said: "You can think so best, but I hope you can say it."

"The disciples are obedient to the words of the elders. Today, when someone meets someone who provokes disciples, the disciples will teach them a meal!"

Wan Yingying, who stood behind him, jumped.

"Oh?" The elders suddenly came to the interest. "Which one is not provocative to challenge you? What is the result?"

"The disciples killed them all!" Yang Kai wrote down.

There was a strange silence in the hall.

For a while, Gu Kangning only coughed: "Young people are bloody, good things, bloody, hard work, um, who are these people?"

Will be killed by Yang, it is estimated that some can not get on the table, so although Gu Kangning is so strange that Yang Kai, such a gentle person actually kills people, not too much in the heart, the virtual spirit sword faction is weak, but it is not Most people can get it.

"Zhan Yulin of Tianluofu and his followers." Yang Kai told the truth, "The disciples were in the restaurant..."

Waiting for him to finish, he heard a bang, Yang Kai looked up and saw that Master Zou Su Changfa and the Great Elder Valley Kang Ning stood up, with a look of horror, the red-sleeved elders reached out and covered their hands. Red lips.

"You, you, you say it again! Who are you killing?" Gu Kangning stuttered.

"Zhan Yulin of Tianluofu... Well, the elders may not know this person. This person is the descendant of the three elders of Tianluo, Zhan Boxiong, and should you know Zhan Boxiong’s elders?" Yang Kai explained.