Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 44

Chapter 4492 – Heavenly Martial City

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

With a Secret Art as Heaven-defying as the Heaven Devouring Battle Law, Yang Kai had already advanced into the Ninth-Step Earth Realm a month ago. He was only one step away from advancing into the Heaven Realm; however, he remained stagnant at this Realm even though one month had passed since then.

It was not that his cultivation resources weren’t sufficient. He refined and devoured over hundreds of Black Jades every day. After accumulating bit by bit for a whole month, this amount was extremely terrifying. It should have been enough to meet the advancement requirements a long time ago.

It was not that his aptitude was lacking either. The identity given to him by the Divine Armament World might only have average abilities, but Yang Kai himself was a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Something like aptitude would not limit his progress in any way.

When it came down to it, it seemed he was simply lacking a certain pill.

In the Divine Armament World, it was not difficult to advance from the Mortal Realm to the Earth Realm. Anybody with adequate aptitude and sufficient cultivation resources could advance from the Mortal Realm to the Earth Realm as long as they put in enough effort.

However, it was not as easy when it came to advancing from the Earth Realm to the Heaven Realm. One required the help of a pill known as the Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill in order to succeed. Without that pill, one’s efforts would be futile no matter how great their aptitude or cultivation resources were.

Yang Kai originally wanted to borrow his many years of cultivation experience to force his way through this shackle, but to his dismay, he discovered that all his efforts were in vain after working hard for one month!

His cultivation seemed to be bound firmly by shackles. Furthermore, the invisible chains vaguely felt like the Principles of the Heavenly Way. It could be said that the Divine Armament World itself was preventing him from advancing into the Heaven Realm!

Unless he had the strength to go against the entire Divine Armament World, there was no way he could break these shackles.

Advancing from the Earth Realm to the Heaven Realm required the Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill. On the other hand, advancing from the Heaven Realm to the Spirit Realm required the Hundred Revolutions Clear Heart Pill. The former could only be refined by a Heaven Grade Alchemist while the latter needed a Spirit Grade Alchemist. The Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill was a Heaven Grade pill while the Hundred Revolutions Clear Heart Pill was a Spirit Grade Pill!

Thanks to the memories from his Divine Armament World self, Yang Kai had long known that the status of Alchemists was extremely high in this damned place. In fact, it was even higher than in any other world that he had ever known in the past. That was because Alchemists were needed to refine both the Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill and the Hundred Revolutions Clear Heart Pill. It could be said the advancement of a cultivator often depended on a tiny little pill!

It was somewhat incomprehensible.

In the outside world, many pills had the effects of aiding advancement and improving the success rate of breakthroughs. Be that as it may, it was never a necessary component. Even without those pills, there was hope for a cultivator to achieve a breakthrough by relying on their own efforts.

However, that was impossible in the Divine Armament World! The Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill and the Hundred Revolutions Clear Heart Pill were requirements for those standing at the peak of the Earth Realm and the Heaven Realm respectively.

Consequently, the status of Alchemists became absolutely unrivalled in this World. Not only were many Masters willing to act as bodyguards for Alchemists in the same Realm as themselves, but they were also very proud of such deeds.

While this was something that was inconceivable in the outside world, it was something very normal in the Divine Armament World.

Yang Kai had very profound accomplishments in the Alchemic Dao. All the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pills that were currently being consumed by Void Land’s disciples when advancing into the Open Heaven Realm came from his hands. Needless to say, he had handed this matter over to Little Senior Sister Xia Ning Chang and Wondrous Pill Great Emperor now.

With his attainments in the Alchemic Dao, refining a Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill was not difficult. If not for the limitations of his cultivation, even refining the Hundred Revolutions Clear Heart Pills would not be a problem. The main issue was that... he did not have the pill recipe!

This was an extremely awkward problem.

Void Spirit Sword Sect was a run-down Sect in the Divine Armament World. It might have been glorious 1,000 years ago, but that glory was long since faded. They no longer had any Alchemists in their Sect, much less various rare pill recipes.

Regardless of whether it was Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill or Hundred Revolutions Clear Heart Pill, both were extremely valuable and they would never be sold to the general public.

More importantly, the pill recipes of each Alchemist were different, each one having slight variations and arrangements. However, all the results were ultimately the same. The Clear Heart Pills refined by any Alchemist would have the effect of helping cultivators break through to the next Great Realm. It was just that the subtle differences in their refining methods and materials would also result in slightly different effects.

If Yang Kai wanted a Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill, then aside from refining one himself, he could only spend copious amounts of money to purchase it.

Unfortunately, there were many cultivators in this world who were stuck at the peak of the Earth Realm and wanted to advance into the Heaven Realm. If nothing else, Roaring Tiger Sect’s Sect Master Zhuang Ju He, Tian Luo Hall’s former Palace Master Shu Wan Cheng and Great Elder Li Zheng Qing had been stuck at the peak of the Earth Realm because they had no Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill.

Both parties had once paid exorbitant prices for a Heaven Grade Alchemist to help them refine a Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill; however, that Heaven Grade Alchemist’s schedule was fully booked for years to come. Even though the Heaven Grade Alchemist accepted their luxurious gifts with no trace of politeness, there was a long waiting list before they could obtain their Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill!

Zhuang Ju He had a four-year wait before his turn for the Heaven Grade Alchemist to refine the Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill for him. On the other hand, Shu Wan Cheng was worse. He had to wait for ten years!

How could Yang Kai afford to wait for such a long time? Besides, a conservative estimate indicated that he would have to spend 100 years in the Divine Armament World. Running around on his own for such a long time would be too tiring. He would have to recruit some trustworthy people. Those in the Earth Realm were too weak while those in the Heaven Realm were just barely acceptable. Be that as it may, who would be willing to slave away for him without the temptation of the Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill?

After thinking about it, Yang Kai felt that it was more secure to obtain this pill recipe for himself. As long as he could refine the Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill, he could easily obtain both cultivation resources and subordinates in the Heaven Realm.

Unfortunately, the Alchemists in the Divine Armament World were extremely respected. Each Alchemist had a large group of guards around them, so he could not conspire against them; thus, he had no choice but to think of a different method.

Gao Xin Peng was the Heaven Grade Alchemist who accepted Zhuang Ju He’s large payment but could only perform Alchemy four years later. According to Zhuang Ju He, Gao Xin Peng belonged to a great force known as Profound Pill Sect. This Sect was built on the Alchemic Dao and their inheritance had been passed down for countless years. There were as many Masters in the Sect as there were clouds, which not only included a large number of Heaven Realm Masters, but also Spirit Realm Masters. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At present, the Profound Pill Sect was one of the top ten Sects in the Divine Armament World. The main reason was that the Sect Master of the Profound Pill Sect had won one of the Ten Great Divine Armaments during the last Divine Armament Tournament, the Medicine King Furnace!

Originally, there were several Sects in the Divine Armament World which dealt with Alchemy. They used to compete with the Profound Pill Sect on equal ground, but ever since the Medicine King Furnace came to the Profound Pill Sect, the Profound Pill Sect established its position as the top Alchemy Sect in one fell swoop.

For the next 100 years, the Medicine King Furnace would bring overwhelming prosperity to Profound Pill Sect, and it could be said to be at the peak of its power!

Gao Xin Peng was not only backed by a behemoth like Profound Pill Sect, but he was also a Heaven Grade Alchemist himself. It could be said that his status was extremely noble.

The truth was that Shi Ming Hui felt extremely uneasy about Yang Kai’s intention to meet Gao Xin Peng; even so, Yang Kai had already made up his mind. There was nothing Shi Ming Hui could do to stop Yang Kai.

Three days later, three people set off from Void Spirit Sword Sect on horseback and headed straight for Heavenly Martial City.

Aside from Shi Ming Hui, there was also a female Elder from Roaring Tiger Sect who was travelling with Yang Kai. She was known as Du Yu Yu. There was no saying what Zhuang Ju He’s intentions were, but Du Yu Yu was as beautiful as a cherry blossom; moreover, she had two majestic peaks, a soft and slender waist, and enchanting eyes. Even the way she spoke was very sweet and charming.

Yang Kai was not bothered by this as he only asked Zhuang Ju He to send somebody to accompany him to Heavenly Martial City. Zhuang Ju He probably sent Du Yu Yu here because he felt that a woman was easier to talk to.

Heavenly Martial City was not located near Void Spirit Sword Sect, but it was not far either.

After travelling for just over three days, a majestic city suddenly appeared in front of them.

Shi Ming Hui called out, “Sir, Heavenly Martial City is just ahead.”

Yang Kai lifted his head and looked at the sky; then, he nodded, “Let’s find a place to stay.”

Shi Ming Hui quickly said, “Rest assured, Sir. This one has made arrangements in advance. Tian Luo Hall has property here.”

“Very good.” Although Yang Kai was surprised that Tian Luo Hall had property here, he did not inquire any further.

It didn’t take long for the three of them to enter the city. Under Shi Ming Hui’s guidance, they soon arrived in front of a shop. The shopkeeper immediately greeted them and arranged living quarters for them in the inner courtyard as soon as they stepped inside.

There was another ten days before Gao Xin Peng was scheduled to arrive at Heavenly Martial City, so Yang Kai was not anxious. What he needed to figure out right now was how to meet Gao Xin Peng and obtain the pill recipe for the Ten Revolutions Clear Heart Pill from him.

According to the information Yang Kai obtained, Gao Xin Peng came here to refine Life Extension Pills for Heavenly Martial City’s City Lord to whom he was indebted.

When he arrived, Gao Xin Peng would surely be welcomed into the City Lord’s Mansion. The City Lord himself was at the peak of the Heaven Realm and in addition, commanded a large number of Masters.

[I will lose all chance of contact if he enters the City Lord’s Mansion. Perhaps... I can approach Heavenly Martial City’s City Lord and enter the City Lord’s Mansion in advance to wait for his arrival?]

Yang Kai pondered for some time and a plan gradually forming in his mind. All of a sudden, a knock came from outside the door and he looked up reflexively, “Enter!”

...

The door opened and Du Yu Yu walked in with a tray. She was dressed very lightly; furthermore, there were several plates of exquisite dishes and a bottle of alcohol on the tray.

Yang Kai couldn’t help taking a second glance at the woman. The main reason was that she was very scantily dressed. Her clothes were as thin as gossamer and her chest and thighs exposed large patches of her snow-white skin. What’s more, she seemed to have just gotten out of the bath. As soon as she walked into the room, a faint fragrance filled the air. Her hair that was not fully dry also gave her a stunning appearance.

Seeming to notice Yang Kai’s gaze, Du Yu Yu lowered her head slightly and a red blush crept across her face as she sweetly announced, “Sir, it’s time to eat!”

“En!” He nodded lightly, “Put it down over there.”

Du Yu Yu placed the dishes on the table and personally poured him a glass of wine before she stood nearby with her hands hanging by her sides.

“I don’t need you to serve me here. Help me buy something instead,” Yang Kai instructed.

“What do you want this Mistress to buy?”

“First, bring me a brush and some paper!”

She made a sound in response and turned around to walk out again.

Not long afterward, she brought the brush and paper. Yang Kai wrote something down before he handed it back to her.

Du Yu Yu glanced at the paper and saw a list of herbs. Unable to recognize the names but still understanding what she had to do, she bowed elegantly, “This Mistress will go and buy them now.”

...

Yang Kai had decided to bring 20% of the mining proceeds accumulated by Void Spirit Sword Sect over the past two months on this trip in case he needed to purchase something. As a result, there were close to 10,000 pieces of Black Jade in his wallet. Judging from the current situation, his decision had been a wise one.