Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4590 – Pleasant Surprise

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The group of little kids below had no idea what was happening, so all of them followed Yang Ying Feng’s gaze and turned their heads back to look curiously.

“He’s back, you’re back, my Son is really back!” After a long time, Dong Su Zhu finally let go of Yang Kai and grabbed him by his arm, jumping up and down like a little girl, crying and laughing at the same time. After carefully observing him for a while, she suddenly pulled him into her embrace.

“Mother!” Yang Kai called out softly as he felt his clothes quickly become wet. He slightly raised his hand and gently patted Dong Su Zhu’s trembling shoulder.

Dong Su Zhu finally recovered from her great surprise after a while and raised her head to dry her eyes. She looked lovingly at Yang Kai as she patted his arms and legs to make sure he was unharmed before heaving a long sigh.

Yang Ying Feng also walked over and sized up Yang Kai before coughing lightly, “You’re back?”

Yang Kai quickly greeted, “Father!”

Yang Ying Feng nodded lightly and glanced behind him, “Alone?”

Yang Kai stated with a smile, “Su Yan and the others are all cultivating in Void Land.”

Yang Ying Feng waved off, “I’m not asking about your wives.”

Yang Kai was a little puzzled. If he wasn’t asking Su Yan and the others, then who was he asking? After a moment of realisation, he replied, “Xue’er is also in secluded meditation in Void Land right now, her cultivation is improving at a rapid pace. Father doesn’t need to worry.”

Yang Ying Feng glared at him resentfully before asking in a dignified tone, “Do I have grandchildren after so many years or not?

[So that’s what he was asking about!] As soon as her husband said this, even Dong Su Zhu, who had been crying just now, perked up her ears and stared at Yang Kai with a burning gaze.

Yang Kai’s face was guilt-ridden as he awkwardly replied, “Your Son has been trying his best!”

Yang Ying Feng was furious, “You impotent little bastard, you’ve so many wives yet you can’t even sire an heir for us? What can I count on you for? Do you want me and your Mother to give birth to a Younger Brother or Sister to strengthen our Yang Family?”

Dong Su Zhu slapped Yang Ying Feng’s back, causing a loud sound as she rebuked with a blush, “What nonsense are you spouting? There are children here.”

When Yang Ying Feng turned around, he saw a group of little children staring at him, so he couldn’t continue. He waved off to the group of little chicks, stating, “That’s the end of today’s lesson. When you return to your room, you should review what you learned. Don’t slack off.”

The children all stood up and under the direction of one of the bigger ones who seemed to be their leader, and gave a proper bow, “Many thanks, Master Ancestor!”

Although the group of kids was young, their manners were excellent. They lined up in two rows and walked down the mountain. When they passed by Yang Kai, they all bowed to Yang Kai too.

Yang Kai, watching them leave, raised his brow and praised, “They really are good seedlings!”

Just now, he had secretly investigated the aptitudes of these children. Although he didn’t perform a complete examination, when he swept his Divine Sense over them, he found that each of them had a clear mind and outstanding aptitude. If nothing went wrong, all of them would be able to easily reach the Emperor Realm!

Yang Ying Feng glanced at him, “If you can sire one, I’m sure it will be better than any of them.”

Yang Kai didn’t dare to say anything.

Fortunately, his Mother’s heart felt bad for him and she slapped Yang Ying Feng again, “Our Son hardly has the chance to return, why are you spouting so much nonsense!”

Saying so, she turned to Yang Kai and comforted, “Ignore him and come with Mother. You must have suffered outside. Why have you lost so much weight?”

Having been left outside, alone, Yang Ying Feng’s face was filled with regret. He beat his chest and stamped his feet, “A doting Mother makes a wastrel!”

A moment later, the family of three started chatting happily for a while inside the bamboo house before Yang Kai finally stated, “I came back this time mainly to check on your situation. Hei He said that both of you managed to condense your Dao Seals.”

Dong Su Zhu replied, nodding, “That’s true. Speaking of which, I must thank Senior Hei He. If it weren’t for his careful guidance all these years, we wouldn’t know how to form our Dao Seals.”

In the Inner Universe, the Emperor Realm was the limit. Only by breaking free from the Universe World’s shackles would one be able to reach a higher Martial Dao. Yang Kai had undoubtedly made the right choice when he chose to leave Hei He to guard the Star Boundary and the Demon Realm. At the very least, under his guidance, his parents had successfully condensed their Dao Seals.

“Let me take a look!” Yang Kai stretched out his hand and grabbed Dong Su Zhu’s wrist, immersing his consciousness and carefully examining it.

A moment later, a look of surprise flashed across Yang Kai’s face.

Dong Su Zhu asked anxiously, “What’s wrong? Is there a problem?”

Yang Kai honestly replied, “There is something wrong, but it’s not bad, but rather a good thing. I’ll talk after taking a look at Father’s as well.”

Using the same method, Yang Kai examined Yang Ying Feng’s Dao Seal and the surprise on his face became even more apparent.

“Since this is a good thing, speak up then!” Yang Ying Feng flicked his sleeves.

Yang Kai pondered for a moment before replying, “Hei He must have told you about some things, so you must know about the different Orders of the Open Heaven Realm!”

Yang Ying Feng and Dong Su Zhu both nodded, “Naturally.”

Yang Kai continued, “The Order of an Open Heaven Realm Master determines their strength, while their initial Order is determined by the Orders of Element Powers they condense. The Element Powers are condensed through the refinement of a complete set of Yin, Yang, and the Five Elements. The higher the Order of the Elements condensed, the higher the Order one will be in when they break through to the Open Heaven Realm. Of course, the higher Order of the material you wish to refine, the firmer your Dao Seal must be!”

Yang Ying Feng summarized, “The Dao Seal is the foundation to reach the Open Heaven Realm!”

“Indeed!” Yang Kai nodded solemnly, “In simpler terms, after an Emperor Realm cultivator condenses their Dao Seal, their future path is basically set. From that point on, what Order in the Open Heaven Realm they can reach depends entirely on how high the Order of the Elements their Dao Seal can withstand.”

“Hei He said that your Father and I can reach the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm with certainty, while the Fifth-Order is possible but carries some risks, so he asked us to ask for your opinion.” Dong Su Zhu looked at Yang Kai somewhat uneasily. The Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm was not a high Order.

Yang Kai nodded, “This is what surprises me.”

He was well aware of his Father and Mother’s aptitude. When they first became Emperor Realm cultivators, he had spent a great deal of effort and resources to help them. In his opinion, even if his Father and Mother’s cultivation had progressed at a rapid pace because of the World Tree, and they had even successfully condensed their own Dao Seals, it would be good if they could reach the Third-Order.

Although the Third-Order Open Heaven Realm was in the Low-Rank, it was still in the Open Heaven Realm, nonetheless!

Unexpectedly though, his parents were completely capable of reaching the Fourth or Fifth-Order!

This was a huge pleasant surprise.

[Is the World Tree’s nourishment really so miraculous?]

After informing his parents of his thoughts, they finally understood what this so-called good thing was.

“What Order are you now?” Yang Ying Feng asked curiously. Although he could feel that Yang Kai had advanced to the Open Heaven Realm, he couldn’t tell his Order. After all, the difference in their cultivation was too great.

“Sixth-Order!”

Dong Su Zhu was immediately overjoyed, “I told you that your Son’s Order will definitely not be low. With the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, he could even become an Eight-Order Master in the future. Furthermore, if he can obtain Open Heaven Pills produced by the Universe Furnace, it’s not impossible to reach the very peak and become a Ninth-Order Master.”

Yang Kai was surprised, “Mother, you even know about the Universe Furnace?”

Dong Su Zhu stated proudly, “We haven’t wasted our time all these years. Senior Hei He has told us a lot about the outside world.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yang Ying Feng waved his hand causally and interjected, “Enough of that, first take a look at me and your Mother. Do you think we should break through to the Fourth-Order, or should we try for the Fifth-Order?”

Yang Kai replied with a smile, “The limit of the Fourth-Order is the Sixth-Order while the limit of the Fifth-Order is the Seventh-Order. One ends in the Mid-Rank, while the other reaches the High-Rank, and there is a massive gap between the two. Since there is hope, you should naturally try to break through to the Fifth-Order! Father, Mother, don’t worry, there may be some risks if others try to break through like this, but my Void Land has the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilising Pill, so there’s no need to be afraid!”

Unfortunately, he no longer had any Divine Dao Water in his possession, otherwise if he gave it to his parents, there would be no risk for them to break through to the Fifth-Order at all.

His Father and Mother’s Dao Seals were quite stable, and what Hei He said was basically correct. They were indeed a bit lacking in trying for the Fifth-Order, but it wasn’t too far off. Of course, if they wanted to break through to the Sixth-Order, it would be impossible even if they had the Dao Divine Water.

Yang Ying Feng and Dong Su Zhu may not have any idea what the Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilising Pill was, but since Yang Kai had said so, they naturally wouldn’t doubt it.

Yang Ying Feng immediately decided, “Good, just as you said, your Mother and I will try to break through to the Fifth-Order. In the future, if anyone dares to bully us, we’ll beat them up!”

“I’ll prepare the materials for you two, please wait a moment.”

Dong Su Zhu seemed to have sensed something and furrowed her brow, “You just returned, but you want to leave right away?”

Yang Kai hesitated for a moment before deciding to explain truthfully, “When Hei He brought Lan Xun to find me this time, he encountered an accident. A powerful enemy has learned the location of the Star Boundary and he covets the World Tree, so he is rushing over as we speak, wanting to harm the Star Boundary. I have to stop him!”

Even if this matter could be concealed for a while, it couldn’t be concealed forever. If they could stop the Heavenly Sword Palace at the Territory Gate, it would be fine, but if they couldn’t, Zuo Quan Hui would kill his way to the Star Boundary. If a great battle broke out without any forewarning, it would only make Dong Su Zhu more worried.

Dong Su Zhu immediately asked nervously, “How is this enemy’s cultivation compared to yours?”

“He’s stronger than me, but we have more people than him, so Mother doesn’t need to worry,” Yang Kai comforted.

Dong Su Zhu’s expression became even more worried, “You’re already in the Sixth-Order, if he’s stronger than you, doesn’t that mean he’s a Seventh-Order Master?”

Yang Ying Feng stated, “Since a powerful enemy has come, there is no use worrying about it. That Great Demon God was so powerful back then, but he was still killed! I and your Mother only hate that our strength is too low right now so we can’t help you much. You can go and face the enemy without worry. Your Mother and I will take care of the Star Boundary!”

“Thank you, Father!” Yang Kai stood up, “Time is of the essence, so your Son cannot serve you anymore, please take care!”

Saying so, he knelt down and kowtowed.

Dong Su Zhu quickly helped him up and reminded him with tearful eyes, “Be careful!”

Yang Ying Feng coldly snorted, “If he hasn’t left an heir for my Yang Family, how could he dare to die?”

“Nothing good comes out of a dog’s mouth!” Dong Su Zhu glared at him fiercely.

Yang Kai smiled and cupped his fist, “Your Son will take his leave now!”

With a surge of Space Principles, he disappeared from the spot.

Dong Su Zhu stretched out her hand and grabbed nothing but air. She felt as if a piece of her heart was missing, and it filled with melancholy.

The next moment, Yang Kai suddenly appeared inside High Heaven Palace’s Main Hall.

Hua Qing Si was startled for a moment before she quickly stood up happily.