Chapter 4592 – Astonishing

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Zuo Quan Hui, who was sitting in the Heavenly Sword Palace’s main hall, wore a gloomy expression as he quickly formed a series of hand seals to control the Heavenly Sword Palace’s Grand Array.

He knew that Yang Kai was proficient in the Dao of Space and could travel extremely fast. If Yang Kai insisted on pursuing him, the Heavenly Sword Palace would definitely be unable to escape.

However, he didn’t see any signs of Yang Kai chasing after him along the way, so he guessed that the latter had chosen another route to return to the Star Boundary to set up defences. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

And facts proved that it was indeed the case. The Heavenly Sword Palace had just arrived in this Great Territory when it was ambushed.

He had already expected that Yang Kai would bring some helpers, but he hadn’t expected there to be so many! Over 1,000 Open Heaven Realm Masters. Even if they were ants in his eyes, they were Open Heaven Realm Masters, nonetheless.

[How did these people get here? Even if Yang Kai is a master of the Dao of Space, he couldn’t bring so many people with him.]

With a series of hand seals, the Heavenly Sword Palace’s defensive Arrays began to activate layer by layer, but they shattered and collapsed one by one. The entire Heavenly Sword Palace surroundings were crazily flashing, and it was violently shaking, causing everyone to lose their footing.

“Meet the enemy!” Zuo Quan Hui shouted, issuing a command.

Although the Heavenly Sword Palace was extraordinary, in the end, it was still just a large-scale palace artifact. While it could defend, attack, and fly, there were limits to everything. Right now, Zuo Quan Hui was still a bit wary and didn’t dare to appear, so he could only rely on his subordinates to defend.

Suddenly, a golden light flashed across his eyes. Zuo Quan Hui looked up, and saw a Great Sun at the tip of a spear smashing towards the Heavenly Sword Palace. It even left scorched marks in the void everywhere it passed through, which remained for a very long time.

[Divine Manifestation!]

Zuo Quan Hui coldly snorted before raising his hand and pointing towards the approaching sun.

The pressure of a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master spread out as a streak of light shot from his fingertip. In the next instant, the sun collapsed as a wave of violent energy spread outward.

Zuo Quan Hui, who was sitting in the main hall, swayed slightly and his brow twitched. Although they were enemies, Zuo Quan Hui had to admit that Yang Kai was a once in 10,000 years genius, actually able to use a Divine Manifestation when he was just in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm. Zuo Quan Hui himself had yet to comprehend his own Divine Manifestation; to a certain extent, he was actually inferior to a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Furthermore, rumour had it that Yang Kai had comprehended this Divine Manifestation when he was still in the Emperor Realm, which was simply unbelievable.

With Yang Kai being in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm and having his Divine Manifestation, he was able to unleash an attack comparable to a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Although Zuo Quan Hui managed to block this attack fairly easily, he couldn’t help but feel his blood and energy roil slightly.

[He is already so powerful when he is just in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm. If that brat were to break through to the Seventh-Order, I would not be his opponent.] Thinking so, Zuo Quan Hui’s killing intent became even stronger. [I have to kill him before he breaks through to the Seventh-Order no matter what; otherwise, I will really die without a burial.]

Multicoloured lights flashed as an overwhelming barrage of attacks flew towards the Heavenly Sword Palace.

Heavenly Sword Union naturally wouldn’t sit back and wait for death, so after Zuo Quan Hui gave the order, they immediately began to counterattack.

In a flash, both sides started exchanging attacks as World Force flowed out in all directions, churning up the void and warping space as a result.

However, not a single person was injured or killed despite it being such an intense battlefield.

Needless to say, whether it was Sixth-Order Masters or those below that realm, Void Land had more people than the other party. The Divine Abilities and Secret Arts from Heavenly Sword Palace were intercepted before they could even approach.

The Open Heaven Realm Masters of Heavenly Sword Union also had their own advantages, which was that they could hide inside the Heavenly Sword Palace. As long as the Heavenly Sword Palace was not destroyed, they would have a layer of impregnable protection and would not need to worry about being killed.

However, how could the Heavenly Sword Palace, which had a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master assuming command, be so easily destroyed? This massive artifact was the fruit of unimaginable resources and manpower of Heavenly Sword Union.

Most of the Divine Abilities and Secret Arts aimed at the Heavenly Sword Palace were intercepted, and only a few of them actually managed to hit the palace itself. However, due to the Spirit Array barriers, it was difficult for Void Land to cause much damage in a short time.

On the battlefield, Void Land had the absolute advantage, but the Heavenly Sword Palace was like a hedgehog, making it difficult for anyone to swallow. If this continued for a long time, Void Land would be pushed into a great disadvantage.

The Azure Dragon Spear in Yang Kai’s hand danced as he used his Limitless Spear Techniques freely. Each spear strike was powerful enough to shatter a Star and break through a layer of the Heavenly Sword Palace’s defences, but the Heavenly Sword Palace’s Arrays kept regenerating, annoying him greatly.

At the same time, inside Heavenly Sword Palace, Zi Yan and the others also noticed that something was wrong. After fighting each other for more than a year, they had long known that Void Land had both strength and numbers on their side, but the previous Void Land forces were not strong to this extent.

After observing for a while, they finally discovered that there were some Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters on Void Land side they had never seen before! And there were not just one or two, but there were as many as eight!

These eight were Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, not eight cabbages one could find in a local market! Where did they come from?

After a quick count, there were actually 20 Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Void Land’s side!

All of Heavenly Sword Union members were shocked. They only had ten such Masters on their side, so the other party had twice their number. If it weren’t for Zuo Quan Hui presiding over this place, everyone would have fled long ago.

“Master!” Zi Yan called out to Zuo Quan Hui, while defending and attacking.

“I know!” Zuo Quan Hui sat still, but his eyes were scanning the surroundings as they shone brightly, “Astonishing, simply astonishing! All of them have just advanced to the Sixth-Order, that Star Boundary really does carry great fortune with it!”

As the situation was quite tense, the others failed to pay much attention to the details, but Zuo Quan Hui, on the other hand, could tell with a single glance that the eight new Sixth-Order auras were unstable, meaning all of them had just advanced to the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm recently.

However, Zuo Quan Hui didn’t think that these people had advanced straight to the Sixth-Order; after all, that would make them Core Disciples if they were placed in any of the Cave Heavens and Paradises with such aptitude. How could there be so many genius level talents in Void Land?

The only explanation he could think of was the World Fruit!

Perhaps these people had advanced to the Fifth-Order and consumed a Mid-Rank World Fruit before reaching the Sixth-Order.

Suddenly, he remembered something; rumour had it that Yang Kai had achieved the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm outside the Shadowless Cave Heaven. It was impossible for him to fake this in front of so many Masters, but he had actually reached the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm when he participated in the Dao Theory Assembly.

Previously, Zuo Quan Hui had been unable to understand what was going on, but now everything was clear to him, or so he thought.

[So it turns out that Yang Kai consumed a World Fruit a long time ago to raise his cultivation to the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm.]

“Martial Nephew Yin, according to your investigation, has the World Tree in the Star Boundary borne fruits?” Zuo Quan Hui asked.

Yin Xin Zhao pondered for a moment before replying, “I don’t know. Although I used a Soul Searching Technique on that woman, the information I obtained was incomplete. I only know that there is a World Tree in the Star Boundary.”

Zuo Quan Hui gently nodded his understanding, “If that’s the case, then it must be true. The World Tree has indeed borne fruits. I really didn’t expect for such a miracle to occur in this remote backwater!”

In his opinion, since the World Tree had already bloomed and borne fruits, the people of Void Land must have benefited from it. Since that was the case, it was not impossible for him to obtain a High-Rank World Fruit here. If he could obtain a High-Rank World Fruit, he would be able to instantly advance to the Eighth-Order. At that time, he would be able to destroy Void Land with a flick of his finger. Even if he were to face off against the Divine Spirit Zhu Jiu Yin and Bi Xi, he would still have the strength to fight back!

The temptation of a High-Rank World Fruit was incomparably great. Originally, he had been somewhat afraid that Zhu Jiu Yin would follow Yang Kai here and ambush him, but now he couldn’t care about that. No matter what, he was an Elder of Thousand Cranes Paradise. He might be branded as a traitor by Thousand Crane Paradise now, but everyone knew what was going on behind the scenes. Zhu Jiu Yin might not even have the courage to kill him.

Thinking along the lines, Zuo Quan Hui made up his mind and changed his hand seal. The next moment, the Heavenly Sword Palace let out a thrumming sound as it flew straight towards the Star Boundary, forcefully resisting the bombardment of the many Open Heaven Realm Masters in the void.

“Stop him!” Yang Kai shouted at the sight of this. The shockwaves from the battle between Open Heaven Realm Masters were too great, so if the Heavenly Sword Palace really rushed to the vicinity of the Star Boundary, Void Land would be forced to be in a passive situation. At that time, Void Land’s hands would be tied while Heavenly Sword Union would be able to fight without fear.

Stronger and more fearsome attacks rained down on the Heavenly Sword Palace from everywhere. Even though Heavenly Sword Union’s numerous Open Heaven Realm Masters tried their best to stop them, they were still unable to do so completely.

Divine Abilities and Secret Arts landed on the Heavenly Sword Palace one after another, causing its barriers to flicker and shatter. However, new barriers were erected in the next moment, spreading out layer by layer and protecting everyone inside the Heavenly Sword Palace from the oncoming attacks.

Seeing this, Yang Kai’s eyes cracked wide open. He instantly teleported to the front of the Heavenly Sword Palace before shouting, “Dragon Transformation!”

The next moment, a deafening dragon roar resounded as a huge Golden Dragon head appeared behind Yang Kai before it plunged into his body.

Suddenly, a series of explosions rang out as Yang Kai’s figure swelled under the stunned gazes of Heaven Sword Union’s Open Heaven Realm Masters, soon becoming a several thousand metres long colossal Half-Dragon in the blink of an eye.

His entire body was covered in Dragon Scales, and his hands had transformed into Dragon Claws. The Dragon Tail on his back swung back and forth, and Dragon Horns grew on his forehead. And when he shook his head, his Dragon Beard fluttered about.

The next moment, a rich Dragon Pressure spread into the surroundings!

What was even more shocking was that the Azure Dragon Spear in Yang Kai’s hand had also grown bigger!

The massive Heavenly Sword Palace was actually shorter than Yang Kai who had assumed his Half-Dragon Form.

Seemingly affected by Yang Kai’s Dragon Pressure, another loud and sonorous Dragon Roar reverberated as Zhu Qing suddenly transformed into a Dragon that was several thousand metres long as well.

This Dragon was crimson red, giving the impression as if it was covered in raging flames.

Compared to Yang Kai’s Half-Dragon form, Zhu Qing’s Dragon Form was clearly that of a Pureblood.

Zhu Qing soared straight up before unleashing a flaming Dragon Breath straight at the Heavenly Sword Palace.

At the same time, Yang Kai thrust his spear out.

The huge Azure Dragon Spear crashed into the Heavenly Sword Palace’s defensive Arrays without any fancy moves. The Azure Dragon Spear was already a peerless weapon, and coupled with Yang Kai’s fearsome strength that could shake the Sun and Moon, the defensive Arrays were pierced through like paper.

The people in the Heavenly Sword Palace were thrown into panic as the enormous spear shadows rapidly filled their vision and an imminent threat of death gripped their minds.

At the critical moment, a cold snort rang out from within the Heavenly Sword Palace as the Dragon Pressure collapsed.

Zuo Quan Hui, who was in the main hall, promptly lifted his sword before swinging it down. His movements were graceful and elegant.

A one-metre-long sword wave cut through the air, directly slicing into Yang Kai’s Half-Dragon Form.

The next moment, a fountain of blood gushed out!