Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4594 – Defending at the Price of Blood

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the past, the growth of the World Tree was mainly fueled by the energy absorbed from the Stars and void in the Great Territory where the Star Boundary was located.

Its growth had been slow because such energy wasn’t very rich.

However, during this month-long battle, over 100 Open Heaven Realm Masters from Heavenly Sword Union and several dozen from Void Land had died. After their deaths, their Small Universes had collapsed and their World Force had dispersed into the void before being drawn in and absorbed by the World Tree.

Naturally, the World Tree would be able to rapidly grow with nourishment like this. And owing to the corresponding feedback, the Star Boundary had also reaped great advantages!

This was why the World Tree and the Star Boundary had undergone such massive changes.

This was what Yang Kai believed; otherwise, there was no way he could explain what he was seeing.

This kind of change would undoubtedly bring unimaginable benefits to the World Tree and the Star Boundary, but with such a powerful enemy in front of him, Yang Kai did not have the time to consider such things.

In a flash, Yang Kai instantly moved right before the Heavenly Sword Palace and pointed his spear forward. A determined and serious look could be seen on his face.

They were only ten million kilometers away from the Star Boundary now, so if he allowed the Heavenly Sword Palace to continue advancing, the Star Boundary would definitely fall into enemy hands. They had to stop the Heavenly Sword Palace from advancing any further no matter what.

The only option they had left was to fight to the death!

*Shua shua shua…*

One figure after another flew over and stood beside Yang Kai, as if they sensed his determination. Iron Blood, Bustling World, Martial Beast, Serene Soul, Flower Shadow, and Ice Feather Great Emperors all arrived together without a word.

Immediately after, Yue He, Mo Mei, Mao Zhe, Geng Qing, Zhou Ya, Hua Yong, Shu Mu Dan, Hui Gu, Qing Kui, Su Ying Xue, Fang Yue, and Xiang Ying also appeared in a flash.

Twenty Sixth-Order Masters stood in a line in the void, blocking the path between Heavenly Sword Palace and the Star Boundary like an impregnable wall.

Behind these Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters stood dozens of Fifth-Order Masters!

The next moment, streaks of light shot over as more than 1,000 Open Heaven Realm Masters who were below the Fifth-Order flew over to help.

As the army assembled, their momentum soared!

“This scene seems familiar!” Iron Blood Great Emperor smiled.

Martial Beast Great Emperor Mo Huang clenched his fists as a series of popping sounds rang out, “Reminds me of the Great War.”

When they had fought against Great Demon God in the past, the Great Emperors had joined forces to fight the enemy. This was the first time that the strongest Masters of the Star Boundary had all gathered together, and fortunately they achieved their goal. Although the ones attacking today were Heavenly Sword Union and Zuo Quan Hui, the situation was quite similar.

In the past, they had joined forces to kill Great Demon God, and today, they had joined forces to destroy the Heavenly Sword Palace and kill Zua Quan Hui!

The situation of facing a strong enemy with weaker forces had stirred up the pride and sentiments in their hearts!

“Yang Boy, don’t die this time!” Bustling World Great Emperor turned his head and warned Yang Kai.

Yang Kai had ‘died’ during the battle against Great Demon God. Fortunately, by refining the Immortal Tree, he was able to reconstruct his body and return to life, allowing him to continue battling Great Demon God.

Yang Kai grinned, “Don’t worry, I won’t die!”

Then, he shouted, “Kill!”

Using his Dragon Transformation Secret Technique, Yang Kai’s figure reached the height of several thousand metres once more. A Great Sun appeared on the tip of the enormous Azure Dragon Spear as he thrust it towards the Heavenly Sword Palace.

At the same time, all the Void Land Open Heaven Realm Masters used their respective Divine Abilities and artifacts to launch attacks against the Heavenly Sword Palace. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After nearly a month of fierce fighting, although a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master like Zuo Quan Hui had personally defended it, the Heavenly Sword Palace had still suffered some damage. Be that as it may, this artifact’s defensive capabilities were quite impressive and it was still holding up relatively well.

With a dazzling flash, the Heavenly Sword Palace launched another wave of attacks to intercept the incoming barrage.

Countless Divine Abilities collided in the void and canceled each other out as Void Cracks appeared before quickly closing one after another.

Most of the attacks were blocked, but a small number of them still made it through and struck the Heavenly Sword Palace, causing layers of protective barriers to shatter and disappear.

But before Void Land could launch a second wave of attacks, the Heavenly Sword Palace burst with another blinding flash as thousands of sword lights shone. The next moment, another barrage of attacks headed straight towards Void Land’s cultivators like a storm, drowning everyone in its path.

Yang Kai immediately stood at the forefront. With a flash of thought, a giant towering tree appeared behind him, covering the void as its branches drooped down to form a protective shield, blocking the countless sword beams.

Ripples appeared on the protective shield one after another as the Towering Evergreen Divine Manifestation became much dimmer.

The Towering Evergreen was powered by his Wood Element Power, condensed from the Immortal Tree, so not only could this Divine Ability heal injuries, it also had an extremely sturdy defensive ability.

However, the Towering Evergreen was not all-powerful and was unable to shield all the Open Heaven Realm Masters from Void Land. Although it was able to block most of the attacks, there were still some that managed to slip through.

Even though the many Open Heaven Realm Masters from Void Land had been prepared for this counterattack, every single sword light from the Heavenly Sword Palace was comparable to an attack launched by a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Blood splashed as dozens died on the spot the next moment.

With a deafening crash, Yang Kai’s spear smashed into the Heavenly Sword Palace, causing its advance to slow as it shook violently.

*Hong hong hong…*

Yang Kai kept smashing his spear out again and again, releasing a massive amount of violent energy. The enormous Heavenly Sword Palace was actually stopped in place. Furthermore, under the continuous barrage of attacks, the aura of several Small Universes collapsing could be felt coming from inside the palace.

But before Yang Kai could rejoice, a dazzling sword light slashed towards him. Zuo Quan Hui had personally made a move.

The might of a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm was like a mountain pressing down on them, making it difficult for everyone to breathe and sending their vitality tumbling.

When this sword light struck the protective barrier of the Towering Evergreen Divine Manifestation, it became even dimmer.

After another sword attack from Zuo Quan Hui, the Towering Evergreen was instantly destroyed, turning into specks of light that dissipated into the void. Yang Kai’s heart shook and his Small Universe became agitated, causing him to cough up a mouthful of blood.

Just like Yang Kai’s continuous attacks, Zuo Quan Hui didn’t stop at all, swinging his sword again and again.

At this moment, Yang Kai’s ears were ringing and his head was spinning. He shook his head to regain his bearing but still staggered back, unable to defend himself. However, after his Small Universe was shaken, he felt a strange connection with the Star Boundary for some reason.

At this critical moment of life and death, the Great Emperors joined forces and stood in front of Yang Kai. Each of them used their own Divine Abilities to resist the oncoming sword lights.

With a dazzling flash, the Great Emperors were forced back. All of them were vomiting blood and bleeding from their seven orifices.

Even with the combined strength of all the Great Emperors present, they were unable to resist Zuo Quan Hui’s assault and were instantly injured. But the silver lining was that the sword light shooting at Yang Kai was intercepted.

“Overconfident brat!” Inside Heavenly Sword Palace, Zuo Quan Hui sneered as another sword light slashed out.

Yang Kai vigorously shook his head before he finally stabilized himself. He then promptly raised his spear to meet the oncoming attack. At the same time, the injured Great Emperors also gathered their strength and joined forces to resist.

Yue He and Mo Mei also rushed over at that moment.

With everyone’s strength combined, they were finally able to barely resist Zuo Quan Hui’s sword strike.

However, the situation had grown worse.

The Heavenly Sword Palace, which had finally been stopped by Yang Kai, had once again started moving forward. Even if the Void Land Masters refused to back down as they made their last stand, they were still unable to stop the enemy from closing in.

10 million kilometers, 9 million, 8 million…

A long road paved with blood was floating in the void. Mangled and mutilated corpses of Open Heaven Realm Masters were scattered all over. Every time the Heavenly Sword Palace’s Arrays erupted, a few cultivators from Void Land would lose their lives.

Although the Heavenly Sword Palace was also on the verge of collapsing under the relentless bombardment of Void Land’s Open Heaven Realm Masters, it was still a hair’s breadth away from being completely destroyed.

Had there not been so many Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters on Void Land’s side, the outcome of this battle would have already been decided.

Be that as it may, everyone from Void Land was on their last leg.

Yang Kai was already fighting like he had lost his mind. He had simply stopped caring about saving his strength as he continued to pour his World Force into every attack. He had already used Golden Crow Casts the Sun several times, and each time he did he chipped away at the Heavenly Sword Palace, but he was still unable to break it.

His Small Universe had long been shaken to the point that it was already unstable. Yang Kai didn’t have time to investigate right now, but he knew that his Small Universe would definitely crash if he did not stop.

But the more turbulent his Small Universe became, the clearer Yang Kai could feel the strange connection between himself and the Star Boundary become.

He was Void Great Emperor, recognized by the Star Boundary’s Will, so it was not surprising for him to have such a connection. Yang Kai had used this very connection to instantly return to the Star Boundary a month ago.

At first, Yang Kai had not paid much attention to it, but as the battle proceeded and he displayed his stalwart determination to protect the Star Boundary, the connection grew stronger and stronger.

The connection became so strong that it was difficult for Yang Kai to ignore now. He didn’t know why, but for some reason, he even felt a faint calling, or expression of intent was about to surface from the mist.

“So… Zhu Jiu Yin isn’t here!” Zuo Quan Hui’s calm voice suddenly came from Heavenly Sword Palace.

Zuo Quan Hui was always holed up inside the Heavenly Sword Palace when he was in Void Territory, and did not dare to show his face. Even though the Heavenly Sword Palace was situated right outside the Territory Gate, he was afraid that Zhu Jiu Yin would suddenly appear and catch him off guard if he went outside.

Even when he had come to this backwater Great Territory, he had always been on guard against hidden murderous intent even though he was tempted by the World Tree to take a risk.

But even when the battle had reached this point, he hadn’t sensed Zhu Jiu Yin’s aura at all. Seeing that the people from Void Land could no longer resist his advance, he finally understood that his fears were needless. The one person he was afraid of was not even here in the first place.

If that wasn’t the case, why would Zhu Jiu Yin have been hiding all the while? Why hadn’t she taken action yet? She was not going to take action after everyone from Void Land died, right?

Realizing this, Zuo Quan Hui couldn’t help but become angry out of shame. He felt that his cautious actions had made him look like a coward.

However, he was most pleasantly surprised and couldn’t help but burst into laughter, “Without Zhu Jiu Yin, how can you ants resist this Monarch? This Monarch will occupy the Star Boundary and then destroy all you weaklings!”

Although he had confirmed that Zhu Jiu Yin was not here, he still had no intention of showing his face. He simply continued to activate the power of the Heavenly Sword Palace’s Grand Array, throwing Void Land’s Masters into panic.

Just as Yang Kai feared, once Zuo Quan Hui reached the Star Boundary, he would have everything under his control. Void Land’s Open Heaven Realm Masters would definitely not dare to start a war in the Star Boundary, so at that time, everyone would be at his mercy. The only option was to end things in the void.

Suddenly, the Heavenly Sword Palace shot straight towards the Star Boundary, as Zuo Quan Hui no longer had any scruples.

Over 1,000 Open Heaven Realm Masters of Void Land desperately tried to resist, but were still forced back!

Suddenly, a glimmer of light cut through the fog as the feeling that Yang Kai had been unable to understand for so long finally became clear like the rising sun. Yang Kai quickly dispelled any doubts he had and cleared his mind before understanding the epiphany.

[So that was how it is!]