Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4603 – Fighting a Seventh-Order Master Together

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Void Land’s group launched another salvo without giving Zuo Quan Hui even a moment to catch his breath. One after another, multi-coloured flashes of their Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques glimmered before bursting into dazzling halos, destroying everything in their path!

With a loud crash, dust and pieces of rocks flew into the air, as a figure draped in Demon Qi flew out from the cloud of dust and smoke. It just so happened that Zuo Quan Hui’s back was towards the figure. The Demon Qi in the figure’s hands transformed into two Demon Dragons as they flew straight towards Zuo Quan Hui, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws. Close behind the Demon Dragons was the figure, heading straight at Zuo Quan Hui.

Zuo Quan Hui let out a cold snort and slashed out with his sword, blasting the Demon Dragons into smithereens. Afterward, the long sword that was wrapped in intense World Force continued moving straight towards the figure’s head.

With a deranged smile on its face, the figure wrapped in Demon Qi didn’t even try to dodge. Its body was covered in blood as if it didn’t seem to care about its life and was ready to die with Zuo Quan Hui.

Just when the sword wave was a hundred meters away from the figure, the Azure Dragon Spear broke through the barrier of space and shot straight towards Zuo Quan Hui’s back. There was a fist-sized black ball on the tip of the spear, releasing the aura of nihility and chaos.

Zuo Quan Hui furrowed his brow and he flicked his wrist, sending his sword flying towards the spear.

The black ball instantly exploded, transforming into a black hole that swallowed everything around it.

Yang Kai was also sent back flying by the violent blast of energy. From the left, Mao Zhe, Geng Qing, and Zhou Ya left three long streaks of light as they brushed past Yang Kai, while from the right, Luan Bai Feng, Hui Gu, and Hua Yong swooped in, filling the gap in their defenses.

The seven of them used their Divine Abilities to bombard Zuo Quan Hui, not giving him a single moment to regain his balance.

At the same time, Yue He and Mo Mei flew over, supporting Yang Kai’s tumbling body and stabilizing him in mid-air. Yang Kai, taking a deep breath, rejoined the attack with the two women as their momentum soared!

In this chaotic confrontation, the twelve Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters of Void Land were like a wheel, attacking Zuo Quan Hui in turn without rest. Even though Zuo Quan Hui was a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master, he was struggling to defend himself.

“Not dead yet?” Yang Kai glanced over at Wu Kuang, taking a moment away from the intense fight. The figure clad in Demon Qi was none other than Wu Kuang. He had been sent flying by the sword strike when he tried to sneak attack Zuo Quan Hui. The sword attack left a gaping cut on his face, as well as on his chest and abdomen; however, he didn’t seem to feel any pain. Rather, the more he fought, the more berserk he became.

Wu Kuang laughed loudly, “A good man does not live long, but a scourge lives a thousand years. This King is destined to exist for as long as the Universe does!”

Yang Kai curled his lips and stated, “At least you have some self-awareness!”

Wu Kuang’s expression suddenly became serious, “You owe me this time. I expect to be compensated fairly!”

Yang Kai replied, “Good, if you have any requests, feel free to ask. Whether or not I’ll fulfill them will depend on my mood though.”

Wu Kuang moved to Zuo Quan Hui’s flank, waiting for an opportunity to unleash a series of Divine Abilities as he shouted, “I want this old dog!”

As he stated his request, his eyes lit up as he stretched out his tongue, licking his lips as an evil aura started emanating from him. Yue He and Mo Mei beside Yang Kai suddenly shivered at the sight of this.

They still didn’t know what kind of friendship Yang Kai had with this Myriad Demons Heaven disciple for him to be willing to cooperate with them and ambush Zuo Quan Hui, a Seventh-Order Master, but they instinctively felt that this guy wasn’t a good person.

Wu Kuang’s request further caused Yue He and Mo Mei’s brows to inexplicably furrow.

Yang Kai’s face twitched as he resolutely declared, “Ask for something else!”

Others might not know what Wu Kuang meant, but Yang Kai did. Wu Kuang cultivated the Heaven Devouring Battle Law, so it was obvious he was interested in Zuo Quan Hui’s Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivation.

“No!” Wu Kuang firmly refused. The last time he had devoured a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master with his Heaven Devouring Battle Law, his cultivation had soared tremendously. After having tasted such sweetness, Wu Kuang simply found anyone in the Third, Fourth, or even Fifth-Order bland now.

How could he be willing to give up such a big pie like the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Master before them? As long as there was a glimmer of hope, he was willing to risk his life.

“Arrogant brat!” Zuo Quan Hui roared in anger. Yang Kai and Wu Kuang were talking like he was already a fish on the chopping board, completely at their mercy. As a Seventh-Order Master, how could he not be angry?

He had never suffered such humiliation in his life.

However, no matter how angry he was, he could not reverse this situation.

The last time he was in Void Territory, Yang Kai and the three Mountain Lords of the Profound Yang Mountain had been able to barely match him. Although they had been at a disadvantage in every aspect, they were already qualified to fight him.

Now, there were twelve Sixth-Order Masters of Void Land fighting him, three times more than previously. He had also suffered multiple injuries and was no longer at his peak, so how could he be their opponent?

With a dazzling strike, Zuo Quan Hui split the ground and the sky before putting a distance from his attackers. The next moment, his figure flickered and actually transformed into three clones.

Everyone promptly spread their Divine Sense, but the next moment, all of them looked surprised. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The three figures were exactly the same. They were unable to differentiate which one was real and which one was a decoy. They had never heard or seen such Divine Ability before.

The three Zuo Quan Huis wore the same expression and even their movements were fluid and lifelike. As soon as they appeared, they rushed forward in three different directions. As everyone worked together to block the three Zuo Quan Huis, they were shocked to discover that these three Zuo Quan Huis possessed the full strength of his true body!

For a moment, everyone was thrown into confusion.

The power of a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master was really frightening!

Suddenly, two of three Zuo Quan Huis distorted and collapsed, leaving behind only one of them who had broken through everyone’s encirclement and was now less than 1,000 metres away from Yang Kai. He wore a grim and serious look on his face. The sword in his hand thrummed as he poured his World Force into it and swung it towards Yang Kai. Immediately after, a shocking sword wave shot out, shattering space wherever it passed.

An indescribable sense of crisis engulfed Yang Kai, causing his heart to clench tight. He realized that Zuo Quan Hui knew that it would be difficult for him to fight everyone at once, so he had decided to attack him.

Everyone understood the principle of killing a General to subdue his men!

Yue He and Mo Mei, who had been standing together with Yang Kai, transformed into two streaks of light as they fearlessly rushed forward. They released their Divine Abilities, but were still unable to slow the sword wave even a bit.

Muffled grunts escaped from their mouths as the Sword Intent struck them. Under the unbearable pressure of the World Force, both of them spat out a mouthful of blood and were thrown back.

Yang Kai promptly put his Azure Dragon Spear aside and quickly formed a series of hand seals.

The next moment, the Golden Crow cried out and a Great Sun rose, brightly illuminating the world.

After the Sun, a cold, round Moon also rose up as frigid moonlight slowly spread out.

The sight of the Sun and Moon shining together was a wondrous sight!

Yang Kai pushed both his Space Principles and Time Principles to their limit.

The golden Sun and the silver Moon began rotating, transforming into a golden and silver wheel that seemed to cut through thousands of years of time. Everything else in this world seemed to have come to a standstill at that moment, with only the lone High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master remaining unaffected.

The Sun and Moon Divine Wheel had appeared again!

Zuo Quan Hui’s pupils instantly shrank.

Last time, he had been injured by Yang Kai’s Sun and Moon Divine Wheel in a moment of carelessness, which forced him to retreat from Void Territory and head to Heavenly Sword Territory to recuperate.

He still remembered the strange power that gnawed at him like maggots on rotting bones. He had never seen such a strange power in his entire life. It was a mixture of Time and Space Principles, a might that transcended anything he had comprehended or experienced before.

He had spent a great deal of effort to disperse the Space-Time Strength which had invaded his body and had lost hundreds of years of his lifespan as a result.

He knew better than anyone how difficult and terrifying this strange power was.

Originally, Zuo Quan Hui thought that Yang Kai wouldn’t be able to grow much in just a few years, but now when Yang Kai’s Sun and Moon Divine Wheel appeared before him again, he realized he was wrong.

In just a few short years, Yang Kai’s comprehension of this Divine Ability had clearly risen to a whole new level. Compared to when he had used it that day, the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel today was far more powerful!

The Sun and Moon Divine Wheel’s foundation was its composite Space-Time Strength. It contained both Time and Space Principles. The Dao of Space was Yang Kai’s Grand Dao, and Yang Kai had already reached the seventh level, Summiting the Peak, in his comprehension of it, bordering on Transcending the Mundane.

However, his comprehension of the Dao of Time was vastly inferior to that of his Dao of Space.

Fortunately, Void Land had the Legacy Inheritance of Flowing Time Great Emperor! Flowing Time Great Emperor was the true Master of the Dao of Time.

Entering retreat in the Flowing Time Temple while engaging in discussion with Yang Xiao and Yang Xue had allowed Yang Kai to make a breakthrough in his Mastery over the Dao of Time. Although it still wasn’t as good as his own Dao of Space, it was more than enough for him to improve the might of his Sun and Moon Divine Wheel.

The current Sun and Moon Divine Wheel was more than 20% stronger than the past!

Yang Kai had specially kept this as a surprise for Zuo Quan Hui. Originally, he had wanted to use this move to end everything, but the situation on the battlefield had completely changed. Since Zuo Quan Hui wanted to consign him to death, regardless of the cost, Yang Kai had no choice but to reveal this card.

At this moment, each passing breath felt like a million years had passed.

A loud bang reverberated through the sky as a terrifying shockwave spread out in all directions. The shocking sword wave shattered and transformed into countless thin strands of Sword Qi, causing the surrounding space to be riddled with cracks. Even the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters of Void Land were unable to withstand this fallout and were all covered in blood.

Yang Kai was also struck in the chest by the remnants of the Sword Qi and was sent flying with wounds so deep that even his bones were visible.

Zuo Quan Hui didn’t fare any better. Although the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel’s power had been reduced by more than half by his sword wave, the remaining Space-Time Strength still continued to head towards him.

Even with his cultivation, he was unable to avoid this blow. Just like last time, when the golden and silver Divine Wheel crashed into his body, a terrifying power burst out and strangely seeped into his body, directly attacking his Small Universe.

In an instant, Zuo Quan Hui’s footing became unstable and everything went white before his eyes. His Small Universe became even more unstable and at the same time, his exposed skin began to wrinkle and crack.

A Dragon swimming in the shallows could be toyed with by a shrimp, a Tiger could be bullied by a dog if it left its mountain! Zuo Quan Hui was livid.

In order to lure Yang Kai into breaking the Territory Barrier, he had taken a great risk. Although he had successfully forced Yang Kai to open a Territory Gate, he had not been able to completely avoid the blow at that time and was seriously injured.

If not for this, he wouldn’t have come to this Blue Clouds Continent to refine its foundation to supplement his energy.

On top of that, he had been caught off guard by the sneak attack of the Myriad Demons Heaven disciple, making a bad situation worse.

If that wasn’t the case, how could he be at such a disadvantage?

After a while, the shockwaves from the collision gradually subsided.

Yang Kai’s figure left a trail in the air as he struggled to stabilize his retreating figure. When he finally stood firm and looked up, he saw a streak of light flying towards the horizon.

“You want to run?” Yang Kai fiercely shouted as he raised his Azure Dragon Spear, and chased after him.

The Sun and Moon Divine Wheel had exhausted him greatly and he had not fully recovered to begin with, so now he was even more exhausted. However, Yang Kai could not miss this opportunity. If he did not eliminate Zuo Quan Hui this time, he might not have such a good opportunity next time.

Pushing his Space Principles, Yang Kai’s figure flickered and disappeared from his original position. When he reappeared, he turned around and thrust his spear out.

He happened to be standing right before Zuo Quan Hui, who was fleeing straight towards him!