Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4608 – Beg for Death or Beg For Mercy

Translator: Silavin & Ashish Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The universe was huge and boundless. There were 3,000 Worlds and countless mystical arts, but they had never seen or heard of one which could refine the World Force of others for their own use until now.

This was definitely a Heaven-defying Evil Technique that went completely against the Heavenly Way!

So when everyone saw Wu Kuang activate the Heaven Devouring Battle Law and devour the World Force, they were completely shaken up.

It was just that cultivating this kind of Secret Art would damage the peace and harmony of the world, and he would be fraught with endless danger. He would ultimately meet an untimely death

So, although they were shocked, they didn’t feel much envy.

Wu Kuang finished in less than an hour.

Yang Kai felt so much pain and anger that he almost vomited blood. Although he had killed Zuo Quan Hui in this battle, he had paid a huge price for that. Over ten Sixth-Order Masters fought inside his Small Universe, causing great damage to its foundation, and coupled with Wu Kuang’s repeated acts of devouring his World Force, the losses he had suffered were so great that it was difficult for outsiders to understand.

Previously, when he borrowed the World Force from the Star Boundary, Yang Kai had obtained quite an advantage; his foundation had been greatly strengthened, saving him at least 500 years of bitter cultivation.

However, after what had happened today, the benefits he had obtained before had basically been negated. If he hadn’t eaten two World Fruits at the last moment, his situation would have been even worse.

After having suffered this kind of loss, all he could do was slowly cultivate to make up for it!

However, this way, he was certain of one thing. Although he was unable to put a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master into his Small Universe, if he were to spread his Small Universe, he would not be restricted in this aspect.

After all, even Zuo Quan Hui, a Seventh-Order Master, was technically inside his Small Universe.

The fierce battle inside the Small Universe had finally come to an end. The battle concluded with Zuo Quan Hui’s death, and the battle raging outside should be coming to an end as well; after all, Void Land’s side was facing the enemy in two against one battles, so how could Yin Xin Zhao, Zi Yan, and the others be their opponents?

When Yang Kai withdrew his Small Universe and everyone returned to the Blue Clouds Continent, they looked up and saw that the people from Heavenly Sword Union were indeed in danger.

Yin Xin Zhao and Pei Wen Xuan were barely holding on. They had just advanced to the Sixth-Order not long ago, and although they had broken through a few years earlier than the Great Emperors, their foundations weren’t that strong.

While everyone was fighting, they were also paying attention to the situation here.

At this moment, when they saw Yang Kai appear with other Sixth-Order Masters, the Great Emperors felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted from their shoulders, whereas the faces of the Heavenly Sword Union members were ashen!

Zuo Quan Hui was nowhere to be seen, so it was obvious that he was dead.

Seeing this, Yin Xin Zhao, Pei Wen Xuan, and the others quickly used their Divine Abilities to shake off their opponents before fleeing without a moment’s hesitation! But how could Yang Kai give them this chance? With a wave of his hand, over a dozen people rushed straight towards the various battlefields.

A short while later, the remaining five members of Heavenly Sword Union were all captured and a series of restrictions were placed upon them to seal their cultivation.

Yang Kai took a seat on a rock, holding the Azure Dragon Spear in one hand. He would lightly cough from time to time, and his aura was a little dispirited. Yue He and Mo Mei stood behind him like guards.

Amidst the pushing and shoving, Zi Yan, Yin Xin Zhao, Pei Wen Xuan, Huang Mao, and Dan Yang were all brought before Yang Kai. Among the five, Zi Yan was glaring at Yang Kai while Huang Mao and Dan Yang’s eyes flickered with regret and fear. On the other hand, Yin Xin Zhao and Pei Wen Xuan both stood up straight and wore calm expressions, like they were not captives at all.

Especially Pei Wen Xuan, who was even in the mood to size up Wu Kuang. He still didn’t understand why his Junior Brother had suddenly changed sides.

Coincidentally, Wu Kuang also looked towards him with interest. His eyes were shining brightly, like when a lecher saw a beautiful woman, causing Pei Wen Xuan’s face to turn pale and his heart to quickly pound.

“Where is my Honoured Master? What did you do to him?” Zi Yan gnashed her teeth and glared at Yang Kai. Although she had some inkling of an idea, she still refused to believe it.

Yang Kai raised his head and sneered, “Since I’m here, can’t you guess what happened to your Master?”

“Impossible!” Zi Yan’s eyes almost started shooting flames, but the next moment, her pupils constricted when they landed on the corpse casually tossed before her by Yang Kai.

Before Zuo Quan Hui died, he was struck by a dozen or so Divine Abilities. He might have died in the end, but his body was completely mutilated and beyond recognition.

“Honoured Master…” Zi Yan’s eyes filled with tears as she muttered to herself. Looking at her Honoured Master’s body, she couldn’t help but recall all the things she had experienced in Thousand Crane Paradise, her Honoured Master’s sincere guidance, her Senior Brother’s love, and her Junior Brother’s respect.

She had no worries back then!

But now, her Junior Brother was dead, her Senior Brother was dead, and even her Honoured Master was dead! All of them had died at the hands of this bastard!

“I’ll kill you!” Zi Yan leapt forward. Her cultivation might have been sealed and she might not have been able to bring out her strength, but her sharp teeth still bit towards Yang Kai’s flesh.

Yang Kai turned the Azure Dragon Spear in his hand and thrust its butt it into her soft belly.

Zi Yan immediately fell to her knees and hunched over, unable to catch her breath for a long time.

Yang Kai lifted her chin with the tip of his spear and stated in a cold voice, “Zhao Xing died because he provoked me first; furthermore, he wanted to kill me too, so he got what he deserved. As fellow Disciples, if you want to take revenge for him, I have nothing to say, but since you want to take revenge, you should be mentally prepared to be killed by me. At the end of the day, the winner is the King, and the loser is the villain!”

Zi Yan’s eyes welled as she looked at him. Her eyes became lifeless and filled with despair. The next moment, she suddenly threw herself forward.

Yang Kai withdrew his spear just in time, the sharp Azure Dragon Spear only left a red mark on her throat.

“Kill me! Kill me!” Zi Yan madly screamed, wanting to rush forward and beg for death, but Luan Bai Feng pressed her down to the ground, causing her to endlessly whimper.

Yang Kai added lightly, “Don’t worry, I’ll let you die a quick death, but not now. You have more use to me alive than dead!”

Saying so, he turned to Huang Mao and Dan Yang.

The two immediately got down on one knee without a moment of hesitation and cupped their fists together, “We are willing to submit to you, willing to lay down our lives for you, come hell or high water!”

Yang Kai chuckled, “Look at her, how unyielding she is. She prefers to die honourably than to live on in shame. On the other hand, the two of you, two grown men, are acting so subserviently, it’s really… disappointing! If you don’t blush, I’ll blush.”

As expected, the faces of the two remaining Ancestors of Heavenly Sword Union turned red; however, their pride and honour were nothing when their lives were on the line. Not to mention bowing, they could even endure greater humiliation if it let them survive.

Huang Mao lowered his head and stated, “Heavenly Sword Union had overestimated itself and made an enemy out of you, Heavenly Monarch Yang, so we have only ourselves to blame for falling into such a situation. However, we were forced to do so. Zuo Quan Hui was a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, Heavenly Sword Union was unable to refuse him. Heavenly Monarch, please understand!”

Dan Yang also added, “Although this Old Master is old, I’m still able to kill enemies for the Heavenly Monarch. Right now, only Huang Mao and I are left of Heavenly Sword Union. If Heavenly Monarch can let bygones be bygones, Heavenly Sword Union will become a branch of Void Land in the future, only following the orders of Void Land from now on!”

Heavenly Sword Union might be bruised and battered, and they might have lost all of their Open Heaven Realm cultivators except for these Sixth-Order Masters, but they still had their inheritances which had been passed down through the years, and their foundation was still intact. Anyone would be tempted with such a huge price before them.

However, Yang Kai remained indifferent and simply stared into the sky, “Hundreds of my Void Land’s Open Heaven Realm Masters have lost their lives in this war. All of them had families, husbands, wives, or children, but none of them had made any mistakes. If I let you two old bastards live, how can my Void Land’s dead rest in peace?”

Yang Kai had clearly made up his mind to cut the weeds and pull out roots. With Void Land’s current foundation, they did not need Heavenly Sword Union at all, so it could just disappear from the face of the 3,000 Worlds!

Although his voice was calm and gentle, it sounded like a thunderclap to Huang Mao and Dan Yang’s ears. The two of them immediately fell to the ground, and their faces turned ashen.

Yang Kai then turned to Yin Xin Zhao and Pei Wen Xuan, smiling, “What about the two of you? Do you want to die or beg for mercy?”

Yin Xin Zhao sighed in helplessness, “As you said, the winner is the King and the loser is the villain. You can do whatever you want, it’s your choice.”

Pei Wen Xuan coldly snorted, “Do you have the guts to kill us? Didn’t you mention Zhao Xing just now? Have you forgotten what happened already?”

Yang Kai indifferently looked at him, while Pei Wen Xuan stared back at him fearlessly in response.

With a flash of light, Yang Kai flicked his spear, all while maintaining that same indifferent look on his face.

The next moment, something fell to the ground with a thud. Pei Wen Xuan looked towards the source of the sound and saw a severed arm lying there! The cut was completely clean, like butter cut with a hot knife.

A blood-curdling scream rang out as Pei Wen Xuan stretched out his other hand and covered the wound left by his severed arm, but he couldn’t stop the blood from gushing out. He immediately shouted in horror, “You dare?! I’m a Core Disciple of Myriad Demons Heaven!”

Yang Kai tilted his head, calm and relaxed, “So, Core Disciples of Myriad Demons Heaven also bark like stray dogs.”

The nearby Yin Xin Zhao gulped hard. Although he looked at Pei Wen Xuan with a look of sympathy, he didn’t dare to say anything; rather, he was secretly rejoicing in his heart that he hadn’t fought back just now.

Yang Kai might not dare to kill them, but torturing them was not a problem. Pei Wen Xuan had lost an arm, so unless he could find a Heaven-defying medicine that could regenerate his limb, his strength would forever be greatly reduced.

Just as this thought flashed through his mind, Yang Kai suddenly stated in a deep voice, “Of course, I haven’t forgotten about Zhao Xing. Zuo Quan Hui took revenge for his Disciple, even going so far as to ‘rebel’ against Thousand Crane Paradise. Unfortunately, he still died a miserable death!”

Saying so, Yang Kai kicked the corpse he had just thrown out and added, smiling, “After you die, who in Myriad Demons Heaven will avenge you? That old dog Zhuo Bu Qun? Let him try. Today, I can kill Zuo Quan Hui, tomorrow I can kill Zhuo Bu Qun!”

Yin Xin Zhao’s face suddenly paled, “You’re really planning on killing us?”

Yang Kai glanced at him through the corner of his eyes, “What do you think?”

Yin Xin Zhao didn’t say anything, fearing that he might just make things worse; after all, Yang Kai was still young and hot-blooded, so he could easily act on impulse.

“Originally, you and I didn’t have any deep enmity with each other, it was just that we didn’t like one another. Then, Yin Xin Zhao, you hunted me down in the Blood Monster Cave Heaven, and if it weren’t for Qu Hua Shang carrying me and escaping, how could I have survived? Pei Wen Xuan, there was only a small grudge between us. It’s normal for young people to fight and compete, but why did you have to act as if you and I had a life-or-death grudge? Why did you get involved in the mess between Heavenly Sword Union and my Void Land? Since you want to kill me, I naturally can’t let you live!”

The blood drained from Yin Xin Zhao’s face!

Wu Kuang licked his lips, “Boy, I’ll ask you for a favour.”

The moment Wu Kuang stuck out his nose, Yang Kai knew what he was pulling, so he couldn’t help but roll his eyes, “Pei Wen Xuan?”

Wu Kuang nodded, “It would be even better if you leave the other one too!”

“Are you still not full?”

Wu Kuang patted his stomach, “My appetite is big, there’s nothing I can do about it!”

The group of Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters couldn’t help but shudder.