Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4643 – It’s Quite Lively Here

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The place where the Astral Wind Divine Ability was located was in the depths of the Shattered Heaven where rarely anyone would visit. Xu Wang chanced upon this wonderful place for Body Tempering in the past by accident, but now that he was trapped by Blood Crow’s Divine Ability, he couldn’t even hope to be rescued.

His situation exacerbated since he was faced with the attacks of the several Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters who served Blood Crow.

In just a few days, the golden glow of his Immovable Bright King Body had dimmed significantly. The golden figure behind him faltered as well, as though it would collapse at any moment.

Since he was in such a perilous situation, he would be doomed without the protection of the Immovable Bright King Body.

In fact, Xu Wang wasn’t afraid of death. It had come to a point where he was at peace with destiny, he was just frustrated with himself for being so weak that he wasn’t even able to escape from Blood Crow.

He was a disciple from Bright King Cave Heaven who had cultivated the Immovable Bright King Body. As a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he was naturally powerful. Of the cultivators in the same Order, only those from the other Cave Heavens and Paradises were potentially a match for him. The rest of the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the 3,000 Worlds would never be able to defeat him.

However, Blood Crow was different. This guy was reborn after occupying someone else’s body, so he had the heritage of the Seventh-Order, and he possessed some profound and mysterious Divine Abilities. So, he was much more powerful than the average Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Additionally, he had a number of Sixth-Order Blood Slaves to serve as his lackeys. That was the reason Xu Wang felt so dispirited.

“You won’t last much longer, boy. What’s the point of struggling so hard? You have to know that the sooner you give up, the quicker you’ll be relieved of your suffering.” Blood Crow’s voice reverberated around the blood cloud as he attempted to harass him.

Xu Wang naturally wouldn’t fall for his trick as he ignored Blood Crow entirely. While he was warding off the blood mist, he also had to deal with the Sixth-Order Blood Slaves.

“You’re so obstinate. In that case, I’ll let you have a taste of the pain of death!” As soon as Blood Crow finished speaking, the blood cloud around Xu Wang surged violently. A tiny crack appeared on the already dim Immovable Bright King Body. The blood mist passed through the crack and swirled around Xu Wang like a snake.

Xu Wang bellowed and pushed his strength to block all his pores and acupoints. He knew that once he was penetrated by the blood mist, he would be doomed. By then, regardless of how sturdy his body was, he would be controlled by Blood Crow Divine Monarch’s Blood Principles.

Being distracted though, Xu Wang found it even harder to deal with the Sixth-Order Blood Slaves.

Just when his life was hanging by a thread, a figure suddenly shot out of the huge Astral Wind Divine Ability. Seeing the sight in front of him, he remarked with surprise, “It’s quite lively here.”

When this newcomer detected a familiar aura, he arched his brow and looked at the blood cloud while muttering, “Black Crow?”

Just when Blood Crow was ready to destroy the stout Immovable Bright King Body and absorb Xu Wang’s Blood Essence, he became startled for a moment. Upon detecting Yang Kai with his Divine Sense, he exclaimed, “Why are you here, you brat?”

While Yang Kai was surprised to have come across Blood Crow in this place, the other party was equally shocked.

The two of them were old acquaintances.

When they were in the Blood Monster Cave Heaven back then, Blood Crow initially wanted to seize Yang Kai’s body since the latter had incredibly rich vitality, but he ultimately failed in his attempt. Since Qu Hua Shang was a woman, she wasn’t a valid target either. On the other hand, Pei Wen Xuan, who was from Myriad Demons Cave Heaven, had a way to ward him off. In the end, Blood Crow could only occupy the body of Zhou Yi, who was from Great Thousand Blood Land, and was successfully reborn.

After that, he headed straight to the Blood Monster Divine Palace in an attempt to refine and take control of it. If he had succeeded, he would become the owner of the Blood Monster Cave Heaven. By then, all the cultivators in that place would be controlled by him. With the resources in the Blood Monster Cave Heaven as his support, Blood Crow would have ample time and capital to restore himself to his peak.

However, his plans were foiled by Yang Kai, who had destroyed the Blood Monster Divine Palace and caused the Blood Monster Cave Heaven to break apart. Blood Crow Divine Monarch was thus exposed ahead of time and became the target of scorn.

It could be said that it was because of Yang Kai that Blood Crow had to go into hiding in the Shattered Heaven. If this brat hadn’t foiled his plan, he would’ve stayed in the Blood Monster Cave Heaven and lived a carefree life instead of having to be cautious all the time now.

When Yang Kai previously arrived in the Shattered Heaven to save the Proprietress, the two of them had met and secretly worked together. In that battle, Blood Crow Divine Monarch led his Blood Slaves and killed many Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises.

Although they had joined forces before, it still hadn’t resolved the grudges between them.

There had never been a day when Blood Crow didn’t want to skin Yang Kai alive and drink his blood. However, since Yang Kai’s last visit to the Shattered Heaven decades ago, there had never been any news about him again. Although Blood Crow was fuming with rage, there was nothing he could do.

Nevertheless, he hadn’t expected to come across Yang Kai on this day. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

While he was shocked, he was also ecstatic. Back then, Yang Kai had the protection of Zhu Jiu Yin, a powerful Divine Spirit, so there was no way for Blood Crow to deal with him. After weighing the pros and cons, he even decided to work with him. However, things were different now. Not only had Blood Crow ascended to the Sixth-Order, but his Blood Slaves had also become tremendously powerful. Even Xu Wang, who was from Bright King Cave Heaven, was trapped in his Divine Ability. As long as Yang Kai wasn’t protected by a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he wouldn’t be spared from calamity this time.

It was apparent that he was on his own, and there was no Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master or Divine Spirit around to protect him.

“Hahaha!” Blood Crow couldn’t help but guffaw in a smug manner, “One really wears out iron shoes looking for their feet! Brat, it’s a double happiness for me today! It seems that I’ll have an ample meal after so long. The Heavens have been kind to this Monarch!”

Certainly, Yang Kai’s vitality was more vigorous than that of Xu Wang. That was the reason Blood Crow had his eyes on Yang Kai back then and even wanted to seize his body.

Xu Wang alone was enough to allow him to take a huge leap forward in his Sixth-Order cultivation, so if he could also consume Yang Kai, he would reach the threshold of the Seventh-Order.

No one else could make it to the Seventh-Order from the Sixth-Order in such a rapid manner; however, Blood Crow was different. He already had the heritage of a Seventh-Order Master to begin with, and he had fully comprehended the abstrusity of the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture. Even though there would be some drawbacks if he ascended to the Seventh-Order so soon, there wouldn’t be a problem if he was willing to spend some time resolving those issues and stabilising his cultivation afterwards.

“Capture him!” Blood Crow yelled.

Instantly, two Sixth-Order Blood Slaves ditched Xu Wang and dashed out of the blood cloud before charging towards Yang Kai.

The Blood Slaves were leaking blood mists while there was an unusual shade of red on their skin. Their eyes were so bloodshot that they looked like lanterns, which was quite horrifying to see.

Yang Kai gazed at the Blood Slave on his left in silence and sighed.

This man was Elder Tan Luo Xing from Abundance City who held the same status as Pang Duo and Gong Yang Xi in the past. However, he had made a mistake and became a traitor to Abundance City.

Before the Blood Monster Cave Heaven fell apart, he fled from Abundance City. Somehow, Blood Crow Divine Monarch found him and brought him out of that place.

Back then, Tan Luo Xing lusted after the City Lord of Abundance City, Mo Mei. Although he was a conniving person, he hadn’t made any huge mistakes up until the point he met Yang Kai. But now, he was engulfed in a savage aura, and there wasn’t a hint of reason behind his gaze. It was obvious that his temperament had changed for the worse.

With that said, he could still recognise Yang Kai. That was why the fury and murderous intent behind his eyes were more intense than those of his companion.

Pang Duo, Gong Yang Xi, and the others were still in the Fifth-Order, and given their pace of cultivation, it would take them several hundred to 1,000 years before they could make it to the Sixth-Order.

On the other hand, Tan Luo Xing was already in the Sixth-Order. However, judging from his chaotic and unstable World Force, Yang Kai figured Tan Luo Xing hadn’t reached his current Order through conventional means. There were naturally drawbacks to increasing one’s cultivation too quickly. It seemed that it was the end of Tan Luo Xing’s Martial Dao in his lifetime, and even his lifespan had been affected as a result.

Faced with two Sixth-Order Blood Slaves, Yang Kai remained unmoving as though he was dumbstruck.

As World Forces undulated, two blood-coloured figures crashed into Yang Kai. After a slight pause however, the figure on the right was sent flying away as quickly as he came. While tumbling out, he sprayed out a mouthful of blood and the blood mist around him almost completely dissipated.

On the other hand, Tan Luo Xing’s neck was clenched by Yang Kai as he was held firmly in place. He was a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, but at this moment, he was completely powerless to resist Yang Kai, as though he was a child who had never cultivated before.

Inside the blood cloud, Blood Crow’s laughter abruptly stopped as he looked at this sight in horror.

The Blood Slaves he had brought with him were all in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, and although they were not comparable to the disciples of the Cave Heavens and Paradises like Xu Wang, they were definitely much stronger than any newly promoted Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master should be.

Nevertheless, one of them was sent flying away while the other was captured.

Blood Crow hadn’t even managed to see how Yang Kai made a move. He just felt a surge of World Force and then the scene before him appeared.

Certainly, it was also because he hadn’t been paying attention to the situation Yang Kai was in. He reckoned that even if Yang Kai was a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, it definitely hadn’t been long since the latter broke through. Given Yang Kai’s relatively weak heritage, it would be like a walk in the park for his Blood Slaves to capture him. That was why Blood Crow didn’t pay attention to him. All he had to do was defeat Xu Wang and enjoy his meal.

However, he was stunned by this unexpected outcome.

Even if he were in Yang Kai’s situation, he couldn’t have achieved this. He might be able to send a Blood Slave flying away by using his full strength, but it was inconceivable that Yang Kai was simultaneously able to capture and incapacitate his other Blood Slave.

These Sixth-Order Blood Slaves were not weak chickens in a pen that one could snatch up at will. Blood Crow could even see that Tan Luo Xing had been trying to resist, but whenever he attempted to draw on the might of his Small Universe, he would be interrupted by Yang Kai’s Secret Technique. That was why he was unable to use his strength at all and appeared so comical.

A person who couldn’t draw on the power of their Small Universe couldn’t be considered an Open Heaven Realm Master. He was just a slightly stronger cultivator.

Yang Kai appeared dispassionate while hoisting up Tan Luo Xing.

He hadn’t expected that when he used Cow Punch on an enemy for the first time, the person would be someone from Abundance City. If Tan Luo Xing hadn’t been blinded by jealousy and fled from Abundance City back then, he would’ve been working under Yang Kai now, just like Mo Mei and the others.

Nevertheless, life was like that. Once a person committed a mistake, it would be hard for them to return to the right path.

Since he had made the wrong decision, there was no turning back. Perhaps losing his life in this place would be the best outcome for him.

As Space Principles undulated, Yang Kai activated Cow Punch while a violent force gusted into Tan Luo Xing’s Small Universe.