Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4644 – I Was About to Say the Same Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Three layers of visible ripples spread from Tan Luo Xing. Following that, his Small Universe collapsed as his figure turned into a blood mist. He was killed just like that.

Back when Yang Kai had just made it to the Sixth-Order, he was already able to defeat the Head Mountain Lord of Profound Yang Mountain, Mao Zhe, who was at the peak of the Sixth-Order. Since then, Yang Kai’s cultivation had increased significantly through years of accumulation.

Be it the power of the Small Source World, or the Star Boundary’s World Force, or the Wind Spirits he had killed in the Astral Wind Divine Ability recently, they had all contributed to the tremendous increase in his heritage.

There was a huge gap between the average Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master and himself. If Tan Luo Xing was still clear-headed, he might have been able to trade a few moves before being defeated; however, he was just a Blood Slave whose mind had been warped, blinded by hatred and murderous intent. He would be useful if he was going to oppress a weaker person; however, when faced with a cultivator like Yang Kai, he was practically useless.

The Blood Slave, who was sent flying away by Yang Kai earlier, returned at that moment. The blood mist had gathered around him again, and it seemed as though it was boiling. Before he even reached his opponent, the blood mist swirled into a huge hand and attempted to grab Yang Kai.

Yang Kai extended his hand and summoned his Azure Dragon Spear. Then, he pushed his spear forward as his weapon turned into innumerable shadows.

While the blood hand fell apart, the spear shadows converged and penetrated the chest of the Blood Slave who had just returned like he was a common fish. Presently, the Blood Slave was pierced through by the tip of the spear Yang Kai wielded.

However, the Blood Slave didn’t immediately pass away as he growled like a caged beast and shot out a blood arrow from his mouth. Despite its petite size, the blood arrow had condensed all the power of a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Even if there was a Universe World in front of it, this arrow could still penetrate it.

Yang Kai tilted his head and dodged, but he still felt a sting of pain on his face as the arrow brushed past him.

He then swung his spear and surged his World Force before exploding the upper body of the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master while his lower body, which was void of any vitality, drifted off.

In just three breaths, the two Sixth-Order Blood Slaves sent by Blood Crow Divine Monarch were killed, like they were chickens to the slaughter.

The sight horrified Blood Crow.

When he met Yang Kai previously, the latter was just an Emperor Realm Junior. If Yang Kai hadn’t had the protection of some powerful cultivators at the time, he wouldn’t even have the right to have a discussion with him. But when they met again on this day, Yang Kai had already become so formidable.

Furthermore, what made Blood Crow surprised and doubtful was that Yang Kai was now in the Sixth-Order, not in the Fifth-Order as he remembered.

Only a couple of decades had passed at most, so there was no way his heritage could be so ample regardless of how fast he accumulated strength. How did he achieve this kind of cultivation without several hundred years to 1,000 years of accumulation?

While Blood Crow was shocked, the blood cloud that had been engulfing Xu Wang weltered. Countless Blood Crows with crimson eyes suddenly appeared and swarmed Yang Kai.

Yang Kai snorted and used Near Distant Horizon.

As though space had been extended infinitely, the Blood Crows became sluggish regardless of how hard they tried to move forward. It was as if they were standing still, unable to advance.

Then, the Void shook as the Blood Crows were ground into blood mist.

With the spear in his hand, Yang Kai shot past the blood mist and thrust his weapon into the blood cloud.

Following that, he surged his World Force, but he didn’t manage to harm his enemy.

Blood Crow’s eerie laugh was heard again, “Is that all you’ve got, boy?”

Although Yang Kai was indeed powerful, Blood Crow was no pushover. He had his Seventh-Order heritage, and he had fully comprehended the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture. No one could harm him unless a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master showed up.

Moreover, he had actually escaped from the pursuit of the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters from Myriad Demons Heaven over the years.

“You’ll know if that’s all I’ve got soon enough.” An unfazed Yang Kai twisted his wrist as the dark Golden Crow’s True Fire spilled over the Azure Dragon Spear and started burning the blood cloud.

The blood cloud weltered as it was ignited and World Forces repeatedly clashed, causing the surrounding space to warp and contort.

“That’s it?” Blood Crow sneered. While fending off the Golden Crow’s True Fire, he still had the energy to split some Blood Crows out of the blood cloud to launch a counterattack on Yang Kai.

The Space Principles around Yang Kai undulated and formed into an impenetrable defensive layer. The Blood Crows would instantly turn into blood mist after crashing into it; however, as time passed, the blood mist around Yang Kai thickened as it was starting to show signs that he was being engulfed.

Once that happened, he would fall into the same situation as Xu Wang. After he was trapped inside it, he would never be able to get out unless he could break free from the blood mist.

After a cup of tea’s time, Yang Kai’s figure could only be faintly seen.

Blood Crow cackled, “Got you!”

As he spoke, the Blood Essence left behind by Tan Luo Xing and the other Blood Slave killed by Yang Kai seemed to have come alive as it split into two streams of blood and engulfed Yang Kai.

An unperturbed Yang Kai grinned, “What a coincidence. I was about to say the same!”

Swinging his fist, Yang Kai unleashed his Cow Punch as he followed the traces of Blood Crow’s aura back to the latter’s Small Universe.

There was a reason that the Secret Technique named Cow Punch was regarded as roguish by Senior Sister Jin. That was because if the opponent didn’t use their World Force, they couldn’t use their Open Heaven Realm strength. However, if they did activate their World Force, they would give Yang Kai a chance to trace it back to their Small Universe. It would be extremely difficult for anyone to deal with Yang Kai when faced with such a strange technique.

Yang Kai wasn’t sure if there were other Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques in the world that could directly target an Open Heaven Realm Master’s Small Universe, though he believed that given the profound heritage and inheritance of the Cave Heavens and Paradises, they should have similar Secret Techniques.

Nevertheless, those must be Core Secret Techniques of those great forces, and their effects couldn’t possibly be as great as his Cow Punch.

After all, his Secret Technique used Space Principles to directly bypass all forms of defence.

There was a prerequisite for the Secret Technique to work though. Yang Kai needed to successfully follow the traces of his opponent’s World Force, which would allow him to find openings in their Small Universe.

That was the essence of his Cow Punch Secret Technique. As long as Yang Kai had a chance to find the opening in his opponent’s Small Universe, the other party would certainly suffer a setback.

Earlier, Tan Luo Xing’s Small Universe was continuously shaken by his Cow Punch Secret Technique. That was why he was easily controlled by Yang Kai despite being a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Since he was unable to activate his World Force to resist, he was subsequently killed by Yang Kai.

Tan Luo Xing’s temperament had become contorted as his eyes were filled with hatred and murderous intent, so his normally focused and guarded aura was wildly swung about, making it easy to find. That was how Yang Kai could instantly subdue him.

However, it would take him some effort to pull the same trick on Blood Crow; after all, it wasn’t easy to find the openings of the latter’s Small Universe. Yang Kai directly jabbed his spear into the blood cloud, but he was unable to harm him; hence, he decided to start a contest of World Force. It seemed like a move made when he had no other choice, but he had actually done it deliberately.

A cup of tea’s time was more than enough for Yang Kai to trace back Blood Crow’s World Force.

Therefore, as the blood mist formed from the Blood Essence of the two Blood Slaves engulfed Yang Kai, his Cow Punch Secret Technique activated at the same time.

The blood cloud started immediately showing signs of coming apart. Blood Crow’s Small Universe descended into chaos, as though it had suffered a heavy blow, causing him to feel dazed and disoriented.

Before Blood Crow could compose himself, he felt an immense force surging within the blood cloud.

While he was astonished and tried to resist, it was too late for him to suppress it.

Xu Wang, who had been trapped for days, turned into a ray of light and shot out of the blood cloud. While his clothes were tattered, his hair flapped freely in the air. He was a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master from Bright King Cave Heaven after all, so his senses were incredibly sharp and didn’t miss this chance to escape. Although he wasn’t sure why the blood cloud that had restricted him had suddenly become loose, he realised that it was his opportunity to extricate himself.

Since he was finally set free, the energy that he had saved for days finally exploded.

Looking up, he saw Yang Kai with his spear in his hand as well as the Blood Slaves who had been harassing him this past month. There was also a figure that was condensing from the blood cloud.

[Blood Crow Divine Monarch!] Xu Wang was truly vexed. It had been many days since he was first trapped, and he was almost reduced to a puddle of blood, but it wasn’t until this moment that he finally saw the infamous person who had been reborn by occupying another’s body.

Blood Crow had the appearance of a grim-looking young man. From what Xu Wang had gathered, the young man was supposedly a disciple from Great Thousand Blood Land named Zhou Yi; however, after his body was occupied by Blood Crow, his Soul must have been devoured as well.

At this moment, Blood Crow appeared to be reeling from shock as he gazed at Yang Kai in disbelief. His pale face also suggested that he had suffered a small loss.

Upon seeing that, Xu Wang realised that it was Yang Kai who saved him.

Although he appeared composed, he was astounded in his heart.

It turned out Yang Kai wasn’t killed in the Astral Wind Divine Ability. It had to be noted that it had been half a year since they last met, so how did he survive in the Astral Wind for so long

It was apparent to Xu Wang now that the disappearance of the Wind Spirits must have had something to do with Yang Kai. There was no other explanation.

What made him feel even more surprised was that Yang Kai’s aura had become noticeably stronger compared to half a year ago. He was now even more powerful than the old ghosts in his Sect who had been stuck in the Sixth-Order for countless years.

Xu Wang had the urge to ask Yang Kai where all the Wind Spirits had gone, but it was obviously not the right time to do that, so he just nodded gently to him as a gesture of gratitude.

“What did you do?” Blood Crow sported a gloomy expression as he gazed doubtfully at Yang Kai. If his Small Universe hadn’t been shaken at that moment, causing it to descend into turmoil, Xu Wang wouldn’t have escaped, and Yang Kai would’ve been trapped as well. By then, he would be invincible. Although it would take him a longer time, he would be able to devour these two whose vitality was unbelievably vigorous.

However, he had never expected that Yang Kai had a way to target his opponent’s Small Universe directly.

“Would you like a second look at it?” Yang Kai looked smilingly at Blood Crow.

Blood Crow snorted without responding to him as he began racking his brain. He was certainly wary of Yang Kai’s new Secret Technique, but since he was now aware of it, he could take precautions.

He then recalled the death of his Blood Slave, Tan Luo Xing. At that time, he only felt that Yang Kai had used a mysterious technique to subdue Tan Luo Xing and kill him. Now, it was obvious to him that Yang Kai had used the same move on him just now.

He was an Old Monster who had been reborn after occupying someone else’s body, but he still suffered a setback because of Yang Kai’s Secret Technique, not to mention the Blood Slaves who had their thoughts blinded by hatred and murderous intent.