Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4740 – The Emotional Chen Tian Fei

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The growth of the Profound Yin Bamboo was closely related to the World Force it consumed. Yang Kai tentatively tried to inject the power of his Small Universe into the Profound Yin Bamboo and discovered that he could increase the speed of its growth.

Another month passed, and the Profound Yin Bamboo finally grew to the height of a person. At this point, it finally showed some changes. The speed at which it was devouring the World Force became extremely slow. In fact, it was reduced to a point where it was practically negligible. Yang Kai breathed a sigh of relief. If it was at this kind of rate, then the consumption was bearable. It would only take refining some Open Heaven Pills regularly to replenish the lost energy.

Following a series of experiments, Yang Kai discovered the differences between the Profound Yin Bamboo and the World Spring.

The effects of the World Spring, which was one of the Four Universe Pillars, was undoubtedly much stronger. He only needed to refine and integrate the World Spring with his Small Universe for the World Spring to strengthen and enhance it. There was no other price to pay.

On the other hand, the Profound Yin Bamboo was different. During its growth period, there was a need for the Profound Yin Bamboo to devour the Small Universe’s World Force and convert it into nutrients for its growth. The situation would only get better when it reached maturity.

Looking at the situation, it would seem that a cultivator would only need to pay the price to nurture the Profound Yin Bamboo for it to benefit their Small Universe.

Nevertheless, it was just as Yue He had mentioned. The Profound Yin Bamboo needed to exist on a large scale to be useful. One or two stalks did not prove to be very effective.

Fortunately, it was not difficult to make the Profound Yin Bamboo reproduce. Just like how a normal bamboo grew, it only needed enough nutrients for a single stalk of bamboo to grow into a whole bamboo forest.

With these special characteristics of the Profound Yin Bamboo, it was in line with being listed among the Twelve Minor Universe Pillars.

When the Open Heaven Realm Masters in Void Land and High Heaven Palace advanced into the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, they would only need to consume some of their Small Universe’s heritage to nurture a Profound Yin Bamboo Forest. Nobody would refuse this level of sacrifice compared to the benefits that they would gain.

When it came down to it, the effects of the Profound Yin Bamboo would never be as strong as the World Spring no matter how much it reproduced. The two of them were not of the same grade in the first place.

Yang Kai did not remove the Profound Yin Bamboo from his Small Universe. On the contrary, he continuously poured his strength into it so that it reproduced even faster even though the Profound Yin Bamboo did not help him in any way.

Looking ahead into the future, Void Land and High Heaven Palace would surely generate countless Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. Everybody would eventually need some, so it would be better to nurture as many of the Profound Yin Bamboo as possible now. It would be bad if there was not enough to go around when the time came.

Another month passed and Yang Kai was investigating the growth of the Small Stone Race population in the Small Stone World when a figure sped over from afar.

When the figure landed nearby, his fat body jiggled like a giant meatball. He ran over to Yang Kai in surprising agile steps and cupped his fist, “Subordinate Chen Tian Fei greets Sir!”

Looking up, Yang Kai swept a gaze over Chen Tian Fei and joked, “It’s been a few years since we last met, fatty. You’ve gotten even rounder.”

The blubber on Chen Tian Fei’s face bunched up into a smile and his small eyes were squeezed together so much that they were nowhere to be seen. He then spoke flatteringly, “It’s all thanks to you, Sir. This subordinate is living a good and carefree life with delicious food and beautiful clothes. That’s why I put on a little weight.”

His obesity was related to the Secret Art he cultivated. The larger his body, the stronger the power he could exert. Although he had been forced to submit himself to the Loyalty List and lost his freedom as a result, Yang Kai had never made things difficult for him over the years. Conversely, the development of Void Land and High Heaven Palace had allowed his cultivation to progress smoothly.

Over the years, he had become increasingly grateful for the choice he made back then. Even though he was listed as a slave in the Loyalty List, his future was undoubtedly more promising than the time when he served as Second Manager in Scarlet Star.

“I see.” Yang Kai nodded, “Is there something you need from me?”

Chen Tian Fei’s expression became solemn, “The Head Manager sent this subordinate to invite you back.” He lowered his voice as though afraid that others might hear him and whispered sneakily, “The Head Manager mentioned that the negotiations with the Cave Heavens and Paradises have reached a conclusion. She asks that you return and decide as soon as possible.”

Yang Kai nodded in understanding, “I got it.”

Yang Kai had spent a long time at the Small Stone World without returning, so the Cave Heavens and Paradises were bound to become anxious; after all, the last time he left, he vanished for 30 years. If he vanished for another few decades or even hundreds of years, who would they discuss the matter relating to the Good Fortune Divine Furnace with?

They originally planned to leave Yang Kai hanging so that he would lower his price, but who could have known that he was in no hurry at all? Seeing as Yang Kai was not anxious, the Cave Heavens and Paradises became anxious instead. Moreover, they could not enter the New Great Territory. They had no idea what Yang Kai was doing inside or how long they would need to wait for him to return.

“Sir, is there anything this subordinate can do?” Chen Tian Fei asked solemnly, “This subordinate is willing to climb a mountain of swords and cross a sea of fire for you. Even if I have to sacrifice this fat body, I am willing to complete your orders.”

Yang Kai smiled and lightly patted Chen Tian Fei’s stomach. A ripple of meaty waves immediately spread out, “What I want you to do is simple. Just keep on cultivating hard. We were too weak and small in the past, so the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm was acceptable. Unfortunately, Void Land and High Heaven Palace are on a different scale now. The Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm is not enough. You should hurry up and advance to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm.”

Chen Tian Fei’s expression immediately became bitter, “Sir, as you know, the cultivation of an Open Heaven Realm Master is all about accumulation. It’s not that this subordinate does not wish to hurry up. It’s just that my accumulation is simply not enough. This subordinate is devastated too.”

Yang Kai pondered for a moment and said, “Forget it. You don’t need to return to High Heaven Palace for now. Just find a place to cultivate in the Small Stone World. You are not allowed to leave until you reach the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm.”

Upon hearing this, Chen Tian Fei’s eyes filled with tears and he sobbed gratefully, “Sir, you took such good care of this subordinate. This subordinate vows to devote his entire life to you in return!”

He was truly moved.

Back then, both Chen Tian Fei and Lu Xue had submitted to Yang Kai, but the difference was that Chen Tian Fei left his name on the Loyalty List as a slave while Lu Xue took the initiative to join Yang Kai.

Both of them had been in the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm at the time, while Yang Kai was only in the Emperor Realm! However, Lu Xue left on a trip with Yang Kai and returned in the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm! Conversely, Chen Tian Fei remained stuck in the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

Yang Kai later took in Mao Zhe, Geng Qing, Zhou Ya, Hui Gu, and Luan Bai Feng. They were all powerful Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Thus, Chen Tian Fei couldn’t help feeling a sense of crisis. His cultivation was simply too low in comparison. The rest were in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, but he was only in the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm. Even Hei He was in the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

He knew that there were only nine pages in the Loyalty List. In other words, Yang Kai could only accept nine slaves! Now that all nine pages had been filled, would he be disdained and abandoned by Yang Kai because his strength was too low? If he was truly abandoned, then he would not be able to continue living.

Once a person left their name on the Loyalty List, their name could not be removed unless they advanced into the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, the Loyalty List’s owner took the initiative to remove it, or they simply died!

For that reason, Fatty Chen had been living on edge for all these years. He was scared that he would simply drop dead one day. That was why he always presented himself in a flattering manner every time he met Yang Kai. He was afraid that Yang Kai would consider him useless and decide to abandon him.

Now though, Yang Kai had allowed him to remain in the Small Stone World to cultivate, so it could be seen that Yang Kai had no thoughts of abandoning him at all. How could he not be emotional? The fear that he had been carrying in his heart all these years was finally resolved.

What’s more, this was the Small Stone World! Who among the Open Heaven Realm Masters in High Heaven Palace did not know about the wonders of the Small Stone World? All of them had worked hard to accumulate contribution points just to compete for the 20 slots to manage the Small Stone Race. It was a pity that only 20 people were chosen out of the 2,000 or so Open Heaven Realm Masters. Only a few people were destined to be the lucky ones.

Now that Yang Kai had spoken, Chen Tian Fei was also one of them. Not to mention, he did not even need to take care of the Small Stone Race, he only needed to find a quiet spot and focus on cultivating in retreat!

Chen Tian Fei was tempted to put his hands on his hips, throw his head back, and howl with laughter to show his happiness. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

“Scram, scram!” Yang Kai kicked Chen Tian Fei in the butt.

Sure enough, Chen Tian Fei rolled over several times like a ball. Only then did he scramble to his feet and fled out of sight. Watching Chen Tian Fei’s departure, Yang Kai rubbed his chin thoughtfully. [Should I bring Yun Xing Hua over too?]

Among the nine people listed in his Loyalty List, Mao Zhe, Geng Qing, Zhou Ya, Hui Gu, and Luan Bai Feng were in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm. Hei He and Xin Peng were in the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm. Only Chen Tian Fei and Yun Xing Hua belonged in the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

He had not felt anything about it in the past, but as his strength steadily improved and the number of Masters Yang Kai came into contact with increased, a Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master became indeed a little undesirable.

Upon further consideration though, he decided against the idea. Yun Xing Hua had been assisting Mo Mei in Void Star City all this time after all.

He dropped by to greet Yue He, then he activated the Universe Transference Law and arrived directly at Universe Temple A that was located near the Territory Gate.

Yue He had already arranged for several Open Heaven Realm Masters to guard this place, so when they noticed Yang Kai’s appearance, they bowed respectfully, “Sect Master!”

Yang Kai nodded and casually made some encouraging remarks to them before he headed straight towards the Territory Gate.

A short while later, he arrived at High Heaven Palace. The first thing he did was visit his Parents and check on the cultivation situation of his two Disciples.

Zhao Ya was as dazzlingly talented as ever. Even though it had only been half a year since she arrived at the Star Boundary, she had already advanced by three Minor Realms. It could be seen just how terrifying her aptitude was.

Naturally, it was also related to the extremely favourable cultivation environment in the Star Boundary. While inside Yang Kai’s Small Universe, she would not have been able to advance so quickly even if she did not deliberately try to suppress her cultivation.

In comparison, Zhao Ye Bai seemed a little pitiful. His cultivation was lower than Zhao Ya’s by several Great Realms, so it stood to reason that the speed of his cultivation should be much faster than hers. Even so, he only managed to advance by two Minor Realms.

After asking some questions and resolving certain issues that the two little ones faced during their cultivation, Yang Kai left.

He had not informed anybody about his return, but the representatives of the Cave Heavens and Paradises had clearly sensed his aura. It didn’t take long before Hua Qing Si came to report, “Sect Master, Elder Yu has sent a message. In three days, the representatives of the Cave Heavens and Paradises will be visiting High Heaven Palace to discuss the matter related to the Good Fortune Divine Furnace with you.”

“Understood.” Yang Kai nodded, “Be sure to make some preparations in advance.”

The last time the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises had gathered at High Heaven Palace, it was to discuss the construction of the Dao Temples in the Star Boundary and the recruitment of disciples. Hence, High Heaven Palace had some experience in providing hospitality to them.

“Yes!” She answered.

“By the way, how did they communicate with you all this time?” He asked.

Hua Qing Si briefly replied, “It’s basically Elder Yu acting as the middle-man to pass the messages to me. I have stubbornly kept to the three-month period and refused to budge, and they seemed unwilling to make things difficult for me. Since they are planning to gather at High Heaven Palace, I’m sure they have come to a consensus. They are coming to negotiate an outcome with you, Sect Master.”

Yang Kai laughed softly, “They can’t keep procrastinating. The earlier they start using the Good Fortune Divine Furnace, the earlier they will start harvesting benefits. It will be too late if they wait until their disciples are all grown up. It’s such a pity that there is so little time. If we could delay things a little longer, Void Land would surely receive even more benefits.”