Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4794 – Wake Up

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After some quick counting, Yang Kai realised that he had amassed more than 100 materials, which was why he was ecstatic.

Moreover, they were all in the Fifth-Order and above.

There were not a lot of Fifth-Order materials, just about 10% in total. 30 to 40% were Sixth-Order, while the same percentage were Seventh-Order. The rest were Eighth-Order materials.

Just like the Fifth-Order materials, the Eighth-Order ones came in a small quantity.

From this sample, Yang Kai reckoned that most of the materials floating in the void were in the Sixth and Seventh-Orders. After pondering on the process of their formation, he found a sensible explanation.

The disorderly energies of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer filled the entire Chaotic Dead Territory as they hacked each other to death. Every time they clashed, their forces would weaken a little.

They were originally in the Ninth-Order at the very least, but after a prolonged fight, it was expected that their Order would degrade.

When they were reduced to the Sixth-Order or the Seventh-Order, the outcome of the battle would be clear. As a result, Yellow and Blue Crystals in the Sixth-Order and the Seventh-Order would be left.

If the battle ended sooner, Eighth-Order materials would be left.

However, if the battle dragged on longer, their powers would be weakened further, and only Fifth-Order materials would be left.

Hence, there were not a lot of Eighth-Order and Fifth-Order materials. On the other hand, Sixth-Order and Seventh-Order materials were the most abundant in the Chaotic Dead Territory.

Yang Kai’s eyes glowed brightly as he looked at the Eighth-Order Blue Crystal in his hand.

It was an Eighth-Order Yin Element material! He had never expected that he would acquire such a valuable treasure one day. Even the Cave Heavens and Paradises wouldn’t have many Eighth-Order materials.

If this Eighth-Order Yin Element material was traded for Open Heaven Pills, it would be worth at least 2 billion. Of course, no one would actually sell such a precious treasure.

This thing was greatly beneficial to High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters. By collecting a full set of Yin, Yang, and Five Element materials, and refining them, one could significantly increase the heritage of their Small Universe.

To the Cave Heavens and Paradises, Sixth-Order Yin and Yang Element materials were strategic resources. That was because some gifted disciples might be able to directly ascend to the Sixth-Order, and such materials would be required; hence, they had to prepare enough of such materials.

However, Seventh-Order and Eighth-Order materials were not in that category.

Even if there was a supremely talented disciple who could directly ascend to the Seventh-Order, such a person would only appear once in a few thousand years; therefore, only two to three sets of such materials would ever be needed in reserve.

On the other hand, no one had ever directly ascended to the Eighth-Order before. It was a feat no one had achieved in history. Even someone as strong as Yang Kai only attempted to make it to the Seventh-Order in the past. The Dao Seal of an Emperor Realm cultivator was simply unable to bear the impact of Eighth-Order materials, no matter how gifted they were.

Therefore, Eighth-Order materials were not considered strategic resources. To High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters, Seventh-Order and Eighth-Order materials could all be used for cultivation. It would be too slow to refine Open Heaven Pills, so refining a complete set of materials was a better option.

It was for this reason that once a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master collected a complete set of materials, they would immediately refine it. The High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters among the Cave Heavens and Paradises would also only exchange items like this for other like items they needed.

Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were able to refine Sixth-Order Materials, Seventh-Order Masters could refine Seventh-Order Materials, and so on and so forth.

Most people would follow such practices. However, even the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters were unable to get a lot of valuable materials, so they could only opt for the second best option, which would be to refine Open Heaven Pills or materials of a lower Order. As time passed, the heritage of their Small Universe would still increase, just slower.

Yang Kai was only one step away from the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, and he now possessed these Blue and Yellow Crystals in the Sixth-Order. As long as he was willing to pay the price, he could significantly shorten the time to make it to the Seventh-Order. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Compared to the Yin and Yang Element materials, it wasn’t hard for him to get his hands on materials of the Five Elements. The Cave Heavens and Paradises would even welcome him if he was willing to exchange some Yellow and Blue Crystals for other materials.

Therefore, he would never miss the opportunity right in front of his eyes.

This was a once-in-a-lifetime chance to enter the Chaotic Dead Territory alongside a Giant Spirit God, so it was expected that he wanted to acquire more benefits.

After storing his current haul, Yang Kai looked up and saw that Ah Er had almost finished eating the Universe World.

During this period of time, he had collected some of the nearby Yellow and Blue Crystals while Ah Er was moving around.

Just when he was looking forward to the Giant Spirit God’s next move, Ah Er suddenly patted his belly and appeared satisfied.

At that instant, Yang Kai had a very bad feeling.

The next moment, Ah Er lay down in the void and closed his eyes. Following that, snoring that was as loud as thunder reverberated out.

Yang Kai had the urge to curse. [This guy is asleep after having enough food! Just a shattered Universe World could make you full? I thought you had a bottomless appetite!]

Yang Kai furrowed his brow deeply, for he wouldn’t be able to collect more Yellow and Blue Crystals if Ah Er stopped moving altogether.

Moreover, he wasn’t certain how long Ah Er would remain asleep; after all, a Giant Spirit God was both enormous and powerful, so it wouldn’t be surprising for him to nap for 800 to 1,000 years.

Naturally, Yang Kai couldn’t be held up for such a long time. If he didn’t appear for 1,000 years, Void Land and High Heaven Territory would certainly fall into chaos.

[I cannot allow him to fall into a deep sleep! I have to do something!]

Like climbing a mountain, Yang Kai moved up and soon reached Ah Er’s ear. Standing beside the huge and dark ear canal, Yang Kai took a deep breath as his chest bulged. Using a Secret Technique, he roared, “Wake up!”

An impatient Ah Er rolled over and almost flung Yang Kai away.

After stabilising himself, Yang Kai continued shouting beside his ear.

“Your Big Brother Ah Da is here, Ah Er! Wake up!”

“Look, there’s a female Giant Spirit God. She looks so slim!”

“Are you waking up or not? I’ll poke you. I will really do it!”

…

A while later, Ah Er suddenly folded his ear as he was annoyed by Yang Kai’s harassment.

When the ear folded, it was like a gigantic hand coming right at Yang Kai, who immediately rolled away with a livid expression.

When he turned his head, he realised that Ah Er had blocked his ear canal.

Certainly, he wouldn’t give up just like that. As he darted his gaze around, he snorted and walked up to Ah Er’s massive nostrils. After entering one of them, he wrapped his arms around a strand of nasal hair that was as big as a column and pulled it.

This caused a massive reaction. While it was effective, the outcome was horrifying.

When Ah Er sneezed, Yang Kai felt like he was riding a small canoe in the ocean amidst a fierce storm. Regardless of how hard he clung on to the strand of nasal hair, he was still spurted out of Ah Er’s nostril. Following that, he kept rolling away.

Seeing that he was about to leave Ah Er’s protection range, he hurriedly assumed his Dragon Form.

Following a desperate Dragon Roar, Yang Kai’s 10,000 metres long Dragon Form wrapped around Ah Er’s calf like a snake, which finally saved him from the calamity.

After the storm, Yang Kai returned to his Human Form with a pale face.

Ah Er had absolutely no ill-intentions, but his reaction almost sent Yang Kai to the Yellow Springs.

Yang Kai decided not to provoke him again as he had no idea what would befall him next time. It would be unfortunate if he was killed by Ah Er.

However, he didn’t want to just wait around and do nothing. After looking around, he decided to try to capture more Yellow and Blue Crystals.

While Ah Er was essentially motionless in his sleep, the Yellow and Blue Crystals floating in the Chaotic Dead Territory were moving around.

Following the impact of those violent forces, the innumerable Yellow and Blue Crystals were thrown about in random directions, and some of them would brush past Ah Er from time to time.

These were the crystals Yang Kai could capture.

He then dashed towards Ah Er’s head, which was a better position as he could get a better view of his surroundings.

After that, he sat down with his legs crossed as he decided to wait for the gains to come to him.

He was only able to acquire crystals that were within a radius of 50 or so metres around him, which was a shame as he missed a lot of potential treasures.

It would be wonderful if he could capture targets that were further away from him.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai slapped his own forehead and chastised himself for being so foolish. He had something he could make use of, but the idea never came to mind previously.

He then summoned his Azure Dragon Spear, and as he infused the power of his Dragon Vein into the spear, the weapon soon grew longer.

When Yang Kai’s Dragon Form was about 1,000 metres previously, the Azure Dragon Spear could also expand to the same length. However, since he became a Grand Dragon, he had not used Azure Dragon Spear while in his Dragon Form. He wondered if the spear could also become 10,000 metres long now.

Yang Kai reckoned that his spear could do that, but when he turned into a Grand Dragon, his claws and teeth were the sharpest weapons in the world, so there wasn’t a need for him to use the Azure Dragon Spear.

He had never heard of a Grand Dragon who used an artifact to deal with his enemies before. To a Grand Dragon, his body was the most powerful weapon.

The only thing that made Yang Kai feel worried was whether the Azure Dragon Spear could bear the impact of the forces coming from the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer.

After all, even Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were unable to withstand such impacts.

Yang Kai carefully stuck the Azure Dragon Spear out of Ah Er’s protection range, revealing only its tip.

The devastating forces in the void caused the tip of the spear to tremble, and Yang Kai could even hear a muffled Dragon Roar coming from the spear.

However, he was surprised to learn that Azure Dragon Spear was able to withstand the remnant forces brushing past it.

After giving it a thought, he realised the reason behind it.

The Azure Dragon Spear was made from the Dragon Bones of a Grand Dragon. While the Dragon Clan was the leader of all Divine Spirits, the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer were the Ancestors of all Divine Spirits. There must be a mysterious connection between them.

Moreover, the Azure Dragon Spear wasn’t required to go up against the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer themselves, it just had to withstand the fallout of their scattered forces.

The Azure Dragon Spear had never disappointed Yang Kai, and this time was no exception.

The rest would be easy now. He just had to lock onto his target and accurately pull it closer to himself with his spear in order to capture it.

Of course, things were never as simple as they seemed.

The first target that came into his sight was a Blue Crystal the size of a head with a refined appearance that was just 1,000 metres away from him.

Yang Kai quickly intercepted it with his spear and slowly pulled it closer to himself. During this period of time though, he had to go against the disorderly forces in the void, which required precise control over the angle and amount of force he exerted.

There were several times when he almost lost the crystal.

After a good three days of hard effort, he finally pulled the head-sized Blue Crystal to a spot that was within the 50 metres radius he could exert his powers over.