Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4851 – Myriad Law Mantra

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai then started talking about everything that had happened after he arrived at Yin-Yang Cave Heaven in detail. Chen Xiu asked Tao Ling Wan to take care of him, but this woman suffered from cultivation dissonance in front of him. He was kind enough to help her restore order from chaos, but due to the uniqueness of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s Secret Art, he left behind a trace of his aura in her Small Universe.

As a result, Tao Ling Wan would need his help if she wanted to ascend to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm one day.

Qu Hua Shang attentively listened to him. A moment later, she let out a sigh, “Senior Sister Tao is the victim in this incident.”

In fact, Yang Kai was the victim here too because he knew nothing before the incident happened. If someone suffered from cultivation dissonance in front of him, he would immediately help them, not to mention that the person was a disciple from Yin-Yang Cave Heaven. However, he hadn’t expected that his actions would invite such trouble.

From Tao Ling Wan’s perspective, she was just obeying her Honoured Master’s order. Given her temperament, she wouldn’t refute Chen Xiu regardless of what demands he came up with.

To Chen Xiu, he was just trying to save Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s face and resolve the embarrassing situation it found itself in. He was even willing to sacrifice his Disciple’s happiness in order to achieve that.

Certainly, in his consideration, Yang Kai was good enough for Tao Ling Wan when it came to his status and aptitude. It would be a good thing if they could get together.

On the other hand, Feng Cheng Si would enter the Samsara Pavilion to save Qu Hua Shang. That would be a win-win situation for everyone.

Chen Xiu’s idea and actions were the most beneficial to Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, but it wasn’t the outcome Yang Kai wanted to see. That was why he entered the Samsara Pavilion to experience nine reincarnations with Qu Hua Shang.

“What are you going to do about it?” Qu Hua Shang asked.

Yang Kai frowned, “Am I really the only one who can help Junior Sister Tao? Are there no similar precedents in Yin-Yang Cave Heaven?”

Yu Xiang Die shook her head, “No. Other than you, no one else can help her ascend to the Seventh-Order. If you don’t lend her a hand, her Martial Dao will end where it is. Moreover, without your help, she will frequently face the risk of suffering from cultivation dissonance. Sooner or later, her Small Universe will collapse due to an imbalance of Yin and Yang.”

That wasn’t a small issue as it was giving Yang Kai a serious headache and he couldn’t help complaining, “Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s Secret Art is too strange.”

Qu Hua Shang said, “Don’t forget that Senior Sister Tao took a fatal sword wound for you.”

Everything that happened in the Samsara World was a reflection of one’s true heart. In the first reincarnation, Tao Ling Wan was willing to be pierced by a sword in Yang Kai’s stead. That was the sincerity she had shown. If the same thing happened to Yang Kai in real life, she would make the same decision.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but be moved when he recalled the incident; however, he wasn’t certain how he should face Tao Ling Wan.

Qu Hua Shang took his hand and snuggled up to him.

In the Samsara World, Tao Ling Wan blocked a sword with her body for him.

On the other hand, Qu Hua Shang had stabbed her sword into Yang Kai’s body twice, almost killing him. Just like he had said in the Samsara World, she owed him so much that she could only keep repaying the debt in the next life.

Luo Ting He didn’t seem to be facing any unexpected problems when achieving an ascension, though the process did not seem to be simple either.

The World Force that swirled around her became increasingly rich, and the illusory phantom of her Small Universe kept expanding and contracting as though air was being blown into it.

Her aura strengthened by the breath until she reached the peak of the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm.

It had come to a point where no more increase was possible. The expansion of the Small Universe had a huge impact on her. Danger that outsiders were not able to see was sweeping across her entire Small Universe at that moment.

She had to persevere at all costs, and she must not be complacent. Every action she made would determine her life or death. Her life was hanging by a thread, and there wasn’t a third option.

A few days later, something unexpected happened to the seemingly smooth ascension.

Although Yang Kai had never experienced it before, he was also aware that something was amiss.

Looking up, he realised that the illusory phantom of the Small Universe behind Luo Ting He continued to expand while contracting from time to time, but it could not return to its original state. It was as though she was unable to control the increase of power in her Small Universe.

The solemn expression on Yu Xiang Die’s face confirmed his speculation.

There were times when he felt that Yu Xiang Die wanted to step forward to help, but she forcefully stopped herself from doing that.

The average person was unable to help when it came to the ascension of an Open Heaven Realm Master, and any rash move would only exacerbate the situation. More importantly, Luo Ting He was now trying to ascend to the Eighth-Order from the Seventh-Order while Yu Xiang Die was just a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Even if she was willing to use up all her strength to help, there was nothing she could do.

Yang Kai soon figured out the crux of the problem.

Given Luo Ting He’s aptitude, if she followed the conventional path of cultivating, there wouldn’t be a problem when she ascended to the Eighth-Order from the Seventh-Order. Even if there were some risks, they wouldn’t be insurmountable.

Nevertheless, she had been trapped inside the Samsara Pavilion for 2,000 years. During this period of time, she kept being reincarnated into different Samsara Worlds while being muddle-headed. Although she eventually found herself as her Heart Barrier was broken by Yang Kai and Qu Hua Shang passing through nine reincarnations, the fact that she had been held up for 2,000 years had some influence on her.

If she had taken some rest and fortified her cultivation before attempting an ascension, there wouldn’t have been any problems.

However, right after she left the Samsara Pavilion, the chance for her to achieve an ascension had come, and she didn’t even have time to take a breather.

The problem wasn’t a lack of heritage as she had accumulated enough a long time ago. If that wasn’t the case, she couldn’t have attempted an ascension in the first place.

What she lacked was the fine control over her own strength. 2,000 years of living blankly caused her to become unfamiliar with her own power.

At the thought of this, Yang Kai started getting worried.

Luo Ting He was someone who had directly ascended to the Seventh-Order, and she had a chance to reach the highest Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm. If she lost her life here due to a lack of control, that would be a huge loss for Yin-Yang Cave Heaven.

Even putting Yin-Yang Cave Heaven aside, Luo Ting He had helped Yang Kai a lot in many rounds of reincarnation, so he wouldn’t want to see any accidents happen to her.

However, even Yu Xiang Die was unable to help her, let alone Yang Kai.

Just then, an aged and grim voice was suddenly heard coming from the distant Void, “Duo!”

Following that, another voice was heard coming from a different direction. Similarly, the person only said one syllable, which sounded abstruse and incomprehensible.

The next moment, the third syllable was heard coming from a different direction.

It was followed by a fourth, then a fifth.

Short syllables sounded from different directions in a continuous manner as though they had already come to an agreement. When the strange syllables came together, they formed a mysterious chant.

There was no doubt that it was the Supreme Elders of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven who spoke those syllables. Although they were cultivating in distant places, they were aware of what was going on in this place and that was why they decided to lend Luo Ting He a hand.

In an instant, Yang Kai felt refreshed, as though his soul had been cleansed. He felt a sense of peacefulness that he had never experienced before.

Qu Hua Shang and Yu Xiang Die parted their lips to join the mysterious chant. Yang Kai turned his head and saw that they sported solemn expressions.

More voices were heard coming from different corners of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven. From the Open Heaven Realm Masters to the common disciples, the voices came together like creeks that streamed towards a river, which then flowed towards a lake. Eventually, the lake gushed towards the ocean.

Everyone in Yin-Yang Cave Heaven sang the ancient chant as the Heavens and Earth resonated with it.

Yang Kai was pleased to discover that Luo Ting He’s condition was improving while she was engulfed in the voices.

He also transformed himself into a creek and joined the ocean.

The last thing he wanted to see was an accident happening to Luo Ting He while she achieved an ascension. Since there was now something he could do to help, he was more than willing.

The power of one person might be negligible, but the power of thousands was a force to be reckoned with.

Yang Kai had never heard of such an amazing mantra before, but at this moment, he was able to sing it smoothly as though he had practiced it for years.

Qu Hua Shang turned to look at him and put on a smile before gripping his hand more tightly.

With the help of the chant, Yang Kai seemed to have merged into Yin-Yang Cave Heaven. He could feel the distinct presence of every individual in the ocean. Everyone in Yin-Yang Cave Heaven seemed to have merged into a single entity, but they were also separate at the same time. This kind of feeling was amazing, and he had never experienced anything like it before.

Yang Kai couldn’t help marveling at the inheritance of this place, something that Void Land and High Heaven Palace were no match for. Compared to these Cave Heavens and Paradises that had countless years of accumulation, Void Land and High Heaven Palace were like upstarts. The lack of heritage meant that they were nothing more than castles in the sand. If they couldn’t uphold their prosperity, they would fall apart sooner or later and be forgotten by everyone.

The continuous chant went on for a long time.

Luo Ting He finally managed to take control of her own power as the illusory phantom of the Small Universe behind her became stable again.

A moment later, a powerful aura suddenly radiated from Luo Ting He’s figure. It was the aura of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!

She had successfully achieved an ascension.

After the ascension, she was still unfamiliar with the increased power she now possessed so World Force uncontrollably swirled around her and caused the void to look contorted.

She remained seated with her legs crossed as she familiarised herself with her increased strength so that she could fully control it.

The chanting slowly died down and stopped.

All the Open Heaven Realm Masters of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven appeared elated and proud of Luo Ting He.

From now on, there would be one more Eighth-Order Ancestor in Yin-Yang Cave Heaven. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Although the Cave Heavens and Paradises had always been united, there was still some competition between them. They would compare the strengths of their disciples of every generation and the numbers of Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and Ancestors they had.

Even if they were just slightly more powerful than the other Cave Heavens and Paradises, the disciples would feel proud and confident when dealing with disciples from other great forces.

However, Yang Kai sported an awkward expression at this moment.

That was because he suddenly forgot how to sing the chant not long after he stopped doing it, though he had been chanting alongside the others for a long time just now.

He could remember every syllable of the chant, but he couldn’t string it together into anything meaningful for some reason.

It was as though there was a mysterious power in his mind that stopped him from doing that.

“Since we’ve chanted the Myriad Law Mantra together, you can be considered a part of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven from now on.” Yu Xiang Die suddenly flashed a smile at her.

Yang Kai arched his brow, “Myriad Law Mantra?”

It wasn’t until this moment that he found out the name of the abstruse chant.