Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4871 – One Man Blocks The Path

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Upon finding out the truth, Luan Bai Feng did not hesitate any more as she waved her hand and ordered, “Kill him!”

The Black Ink Disciples had been waiting for this moment. After receiving the order, they activated their Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques and launched them at Yang Kai.

Lights of different colours streamed towards Yang Kai. The magnificence would dazzle anyone’s eyes.

However, the magnificent view brought with it endless murderous intent.

Yang Kai was no ordinary Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master; moreover, he was an expert in the Dao of Space with incredible mobility. Therefore, Luan Bai Feng wouldn’t let those Black Ink Disciples directly deal with him. In front of someone like Yang Kai, these Third-Order, Fourth-Order and Fifth-Order Black Ink Disciples were no different from ants.

Having said that, enough ants could kill an elephant.

The Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities activated by thousands of people formed into a colossal torrent. Even a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would have to avoid it.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai didn’t seem to have the intention of dodging. With a solemn expression, he lowered his stance and activated his Wood Element Power, after which a gigantic tree with dense leaves appeared behind him.

The tree was so large that it seemed able to cover the entire sky. The umbrella-shaped tree crown turned into the most robust defence and protected Yang Kai within.

A rich vitality exuded from the ancient tree.

The Divine Manifestation, Towering Evergreen, had saved Yang Kai from countless dangerous situations before.

The Divine Manifestation was activated through his Wood Element Power which was derived from the Immortal Tree’s essence. Not only did it have an incredible healing power, but it also had unimaginably sturdy defense. This was the best defensive Secret Technique Yang Kai could use.

Yang Kai had always had an inkling about the Order of the Immortal Tree. Perhaps it was in the Ninth-Order, or perhaps it even ranked above that; after all, this was the rarest and most precious treasure of the Wood Element, so it wouldn’t be surprising if it ranked beyond the Ninth-Order. Though, this was only hypothetical as there was no established rank above the Ninth-Order

The Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques thrown by those Third-Order, Fourth-Order and Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters struck the huge tree crown and a green light undulated, sending out a layer of ripples.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai remained unharmed.

Luan Bai Feng gritted her teeth and glowered at Yang Kai. Since she never ordered them to stop, these Black Ink Disciples continued to blast their Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities at Yang Kai. They were going all out as they regarded the figure in front of them as their greatest nemesis and wanted nothing more than to destroy him.

Even though Yang Kai was able to fend off rounds of dense and continuous attacks for now, how long could he persevere?

Just a moment later, the gigantic tree started shrinking rapidly, and even the green glow grew dimmer.

One hour later, the colossal tree was reduced to the size of a normal tree and the hanging branches could only protect a small area around Yang Kai.

However, the Black Ink Disciple didn’t seem to be stopping anytime soon.

A mocking smile spread across Luan Bai Feng’s face.

Yang Kai let out a sigh, knowing that he couldn’t persevere any longer. Even though Towering Evergreen was powerful, it couldn’t bear the incessant bombardment from thousands of Black Ink Disciples. The fact that it had lasted this long time was a testament to how astonishing it was.

The moment Luan Bai Feng curled up her lips, Yang Kai abruptly disappeared from the spot.

Her expression changed drastically and without hesitation, she took out several Array Plates.

She knew what Yang Kai wanted to do, so she was well prepared for this. As an expert in Dao of Spirit Arrays, she would dedicate time to creating a lot of Array Plates. A powerful Spirit Array was sealed within every Array Plate, and once these Spirit Arrays were activated, they could be used against her enemies at a moment’s notice.

In an instant, several Array Plates exploded. One Sealing Array and one Killing Array expanded in front of her while three Bewildering Arrays overlaid each other and engulfed her.

Booming sounds were heard coming from in front of her. The moment the Killing Array was formed, it was forcefully destroyed by Yang Kai. The Sealing Array also only managed to stop him for a breath before it was shattered.

However, Yang Kai stopped in his tracks all of a sudden.

There was a fog in front of him where countless illusions loomed, but Luan Bai Feng was nowhere to be seen.

Naturally, she was hiding within the Bewildering Arrays she had activated. Her voice sounded elusive as she sneered, “You want to catch me first? Dream on! I dare you to come in and give it a try!”

In an instant, Yang Kai’s left eye glowed with a golden light as the power of his Demon Eye of Annihilation manifested. Nonetheless, he was unable to see through the Bewildering Arrays.

The Spirit Arrays that Luan Bai Feng set up were powerful, and he knew little about Dao of Spirit Arrays, so he wouldn’t dare to rashly intrude. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

There was no winner or loser after this brief exchange of moves; however, the Black Ink Disciples were unaffected as they changed directions and continued throwing their Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai gritted his teeth and snorted, “You’d better not show up; otherwise, I’ll kill you!”

As he spoke, he was drowned in countless Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities.

Some of the Black Ink Disciples appeared elated, but Luan Bai Feng’s high-pitched voice reverberated in the next instant, “Be careful! This bastard won’t die so easily!”

As expected, Yang Kai abruptly appeared in another place on the battlefield. The illusory phantom of his Small Universe expanded and swallowed the Black Ink Disciples, who were facing away from him, like an Ominous Beast.

The illusory phantom and Yang Kai then disappeared.

In the meantime, more than 100 Black Ink Disciples had also vanished.

This turn of events attracted the attention of many Black Ink Disciples as they turned to look in that direction; however, Yang Kai had already moved to a different place.

Just like what happened earlier, his Small Universe expanded and contracted in the blink of an eye. All the Black Ink Disciples in that area were sucked into his Small Universe. These Third-Order, Fourth-Order and Fifth-Order Black Ink Disciples were powerless to resist.

The entire battlefield was like a large biscuit that had been bitten by Yang Kai twice.

It was then followed by a third, then fourth bite…

For every bite, at least 100 Black Ink Disciples that had gathered together would disappear.

Luan Bai Feng was livid. She had brought several thousand Black Ink Disciples to this place in order to kill Yang Kai and nip the crisis in the bud.

Nevertheless, it now seemed that she was too naive. The average Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master wouldn’t be able to face off against so many Black Ink Disciples; however, Yang Kai was no ordinary Sixth-Order Master. Even if he was no match for them, he could always manipulate Space Principles and flee.

By observing his actions, Luan Bai Feng finally realised his intentions. It was apparent that he didn’t intend to flee, nor did he want to kill any of these Black Ink Disciples. His plan was to suppress them inside his Small Universe.

Luan Bai Feng knew what he was wary of, so she soon came up with an idea.

Her eyes went completely black and as the leader of these Black Ink Disciples, she sent an order to all of them.

The next instant, thousands of Black Ink Disciples charged towards the centre of the Black Prison. They initially intended to kill Yang Kai, but they all ignored him now. Even when he brushed past them, they didn’t even spare him a glance.

“Don’t even think about it!” Yang Kai roared and crashed into those Black Ink Disciples as his Small Universe swelled. Wherever he went, a large number of Black Ink Disciples would be sucked into his Small Universe.

Luan Bai Feng’s laughter could be heard coming from within the Arrays as she taunted, “Can you stop them all? We are all willing to sacrifice ourselves for Master!”

She no longer wanted to kill Yang Kai, for she and the Black Ink Disciples were incapable of doing that; however, the Black Ink Disciples could sacrifice themselves to nourish the sleeping Master. As long as their Master could regain his power, he would be able to awaken and free himself. By then, even the powerful cultivators from the Cave Heavens and Paradises would be doomed, let alone a mere Yang Kai.

This was her original plan anyway. She initially wanted to take it slow and spend decades to complete this task so that she wouldn’t attract any unwanted attention. However, since the secret had been exposed, she had no choice but to carry it out sooner.

The Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises were already on their way to this place. If their Master couldn’t break free from the prison in time, these thousands of Black Ink Disciples wouldn’t be able to defend themselves. Rather than letting these Black Ink Disciples be killed by those from the Cave Heavens and Paradises, Luan Bai Feng reckoned that they should sacrifice themselves for the Master.

No one could stop a person who was determined to die, not to mention that there were thousands of Open Heaven Realm Masters who were adamant to sacrifice themselves.

Yang Kai shot through the crowd of Black Ink Disciples, and wherever he went, a large area would be cleared out as several hundred Black Ink Disciples would be kept inside his Small Universe.

Standing in front of the centre of the Black Prison, he was faced with Black Ink Disciples who were charging forward in his direction. All of them appeared pious as though they would soon be greeted with eternal life instead of death.

“Your actions are futile!” Luan Bai Feng sneered in an attempt to shatter Yang Kai’s confidence.

Ignoring her, Yang Kai stood there silently with a calm expression.

When the first batch of Black Ink Disciples arrived at a critical point, Yang Kai suddenly performed some hand seals and surged his power, “Activate!”

A dot of black light suddenly exploded and expanded into a black hole that seemed like it could swallow everything in existence.

The black hole was so huge that the surrounding space began sinking into it. The unsuspecting Black Ink Disciples were instantly sucked into it and disappeared.

Dozens of Black Ink Disciples were gone just like that.

Luan Bai Feng, who was hiding in her Arrays, had her expression changed when she saw that.

The Black Ink Disciples didn’t stop trying to kill themselves, so Yang Kai kept forming different hand seals as he darted about. As he kept these Black Ink Disciples inside his Small Universe and suppressed them, he activated the trick he had set up earlier.

More and more black holes exploded as they sucked these Black Ink Disciples into them.

An incense stick later, there still wasn’t a single Black Ink Disciple who had managed to cross the invisible boundary point. All of them were warded off by Yang Kai, so not even a tiny bit of nourishment had been provided to the Black Ink Clansman.

The Black Ink Disciples finally stopped in their tracks and stood there silently as they stared coldly at Yang Kai.

It was as though Luan Bai Feng was gaping at Yang Kai through these Black Ink Disciples.

She finally realised what Yang Kai had done as she spotted a larger number of Space Beacons floating about in the void.

“Where did you send them?” She asked.

Yang Kai put on a grin, “Since I can’t kill them, I can only send them far away.”

He had already pondered on this issue when he was setting up the trick. The Black Ink Disciples couldn’t be allowed to die anywhere near this place, for their deaths would turn into nutrients for the Black Ink Clansman. Hence, Yang Kai couldn’t kill and could only suppress or expel them.