Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4893 – Impervious to All

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Black Ink Master’s giant body was riddled with wounds.

Over 1,000 High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises had been fighting her for days now, and although they had suffered heavy casualties, it wasn’t for naught. A thick ink-like liquid was flowing out from the Royal Lord’s wounds, which seemed to be her blood.

A vicious look had taken over the beautiful face of the Black Ink Master, and the pain and anger made her look even uglier.

The moment Yang Kai stepped into the battlefield, the Black Ink Master immediately focused her attention on him. His Purifying Light had caused her to suffer quite a bit over the past 100 years. Hatred filled her eyes at the sight of Yang Kai, like a volcano on the verge of erupting.

Liu Mu promptly took the lead and charged ahead.

With a crisp clang, the spider thread bounced up and down as it became pointed, dancing in the void and turning the road ahead into a thorny dead zone.

Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques flew out from Liu Mu’s hands as World Force surged and swept away all obstacles blocking their path.

The Black Ink Master quickly realized Liu Mu’s aim; obviously, he was trying to create an opportunity for Yang Kai to act. In response, she sneered and snarled, “In your dreams!”

She raised her head slightly as she swung her legs, aiming at Liu Mu from afar. The next moment, black light shot out from the claw-like barbs on her long legs like lightning.

Liu Mu had not expected the Black Ink Master to have such a Secret Technique up her sleeve as she had not used this move once during the previous battle.

In a moment of carelessness, he did not have the time to defend himself. Left with no other option, he quickly leaned to the side.

The black light brushed past his shoulder, but Liu Mu jumped up like a cat whose tail had been stepped on as he promptly used his fingers to cut off the flesh on his shoulder.

The severed part of his shoulder was instantly burned to ashes by a flame-like power.

He was bleeding profusely from his shoulder and was in a lot of pain. Be that as it may, Liu Mu ignored it like it was nothing and turned his head, looking at Yang Kai. When he saw that Yang Kai was still following closely behind him without the slightest injury, Liu Mu finally relaxed.

“Watch out!” Yang Kai warned.

Liu Mu’s expression changed as more black beams of light came shooting at him, reaching him in the blink of an eye.

Liu Mu’s eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. He let out a furious roar as a towering figure suddenly appeared behind him. It was a golden armored man, majestic and awe-inspiring.

The armored man was over a dozen meters tall and its body was completely covered in thick, shining armor, making it impossible to see its face. It held a long saber in its hand that gave off a sheen which made it seem capable of slaying all evil.

This was Liu Mu’s Divine Manifestation.

As an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, Six Wood Divine Monarch naturally had his own Divine Manifestation, but he wouldn’t use it easily because it was the most powerful move in his arsenal and also a method of last resort.

Be that as it may, he was left with no choice but to use this move under the fearsome attacks of the Black Ink Master.

Liu Mu’s figure became one with the golden-armored giant as he swung his saber down, blocking the oncoming black beams of light. Every time the saber cut a black beam, the golden-armored giant would tremble and retreat. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The golden-armored giant had retreated several hundred meters in just a few breaths of time, but there was no end to the black beams of light in sight.

The golden-armored giant couldn’t defend any longer, but just as a black beam of light was about to shatter it, two figures suddenly appeared from either side.

Both of them were Eighth-Order Ancestors from different Cave Heavens and Paradises.

The next moment, profound Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques were unleashed, finally halting the barrage of black beams with the combined strength of many people.

Liu Mu looked over and nodded to the reinforcements before taking the lead and pushing ahead like a great general.

Over a dozen Eighth-Order Masters formed two wings on either side of Yang Kai as they pressed forward.

The Black Ink Master’s fearsome might was deeply rooted in everyone’s heart. Every Master from the Cave Heavens and Paradises had experienced the dreadful strength of the Royal Lord first hand. She had fought against over 1,000 High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters all by herself, yet she was still as fearsome as ever.

The black beams of light kept shooting at them, but they were all neutralized by the Eighth-Order Ancestors.

Even as they drew closer to one another, the ghastly spider threads couldn’t stop their advance.

Lan You Ruo had already fallen back.

She had guessed the Eighth-Order Ancestors’ plan and didn’t want to drag them down. Instead, she took a relatively safe position and fired a series of Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques at the enormous body of the Black Ink Master.

She was not alone. There were many Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises around her. Furthermore, the dozen or so Eighth-Order Ancestors, who were protecting Yang Kai, were drawing most of the Black Ink Masters’ attention, which actually ensured the others’ safety for the most part.

A trace of panic appeared on the Black Ink Master’s face, obviously recalling the power of the Purifying Light.

Particularly when Yang Kai began to absorb the energy of the Yellow and Blue Crystals in his Small Universe. As each of his hands began to glow in different colours, her panic became even more apparent.

Liu Mu treated this trace of panic as a sign that she was at the end of her rope, and pressed the attack.

Suddenly, the corners of the Black Ink Master’s lips rose into a cruel sneer as a vertical crack appeared on her forehead. This crack in her forehead was like a third eye and was giving off a malevolent aura.

A black beam of light that was even denser than the previous Black Ink beams shot out from this third eye and arrived before the charging group of Ancestors in a flash.

Liu Mu and the others’ expressions drastically changed. The Black Ink Master possessing such a Divine Ability was totally out of their expectations.

They didn’t feel any threat from the previous black beams of light when they were grouped up, but they instinctively had a bad feeling now.

The black beam of light was not targeting anyone though, and when it reached the lead group, it suddenly exploded, transforming into a giant black net.

The net instantly blocked the entire region, enveloping all of them inside.

No one could avoid it. The next moment, blasts of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm World Force surged as Divine Manifestations emerged one after another. The Eighth-Order Masters could no longer act conservatively and immediately used their most powerful Secret Techniques to repel the black net.

The black net was incomparably tough and impervious to all techniques though.

Everyone was caught in the net in a flash.

All the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters fell into despair and one even cursed in alarm, “We’re screwed!”

The giant black net also had the characteristics of the Black Ink Strength. Not only was it sharp, but it was also extremely corrosive. When the Eighth-Order Masters were caught in it, they felt as if their bodies were being sliced into by the net and Black Ink Strength was beginning to seep into their bodies.

The next moment, the Black Ink Master pulled the net, reeling in her catch.

When the nearby High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters outside the net saw this, they immediately tried to rescue them, but it was to no avail.

The trapped Eight-Order Masters found it even more difficult to save themselves. Each of them was too close to the other, so even if they wanted to go all out, there was a risk of accidentally injuring their nearby companions. Everyone was at a loss as to what to do.

The Black Ink Master’s shrill cackling reverberated through the void. As the giant net pulled closer and closer to the Black Ink Master, a giant crack appeared on her bulging abdomen. Jagged fangs were on either side of the crack, making it look like a second mouth that could swallow everything.

It was at that moment that a powerful Purifying Light bloomed, rising like a Sun and instantly enveloping all the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

The giant net, which could not be destroyed even by the Eight-Order Masters’ Divine Manifestations, rapidly melted like a snow under a blazing sun. Even the surrounding Black Ink Strength was swiftly vaporized.

The Black Ink Master’s smile instantly turned stiff! It wasn’t that she forgot about the restraining effects of the Purifying Light; rather, she felt that she had more or less figured out the power of the Purifying Light after spending 100 years together with Yang Kai. The Purifying Light Yang Kai had displayed before was indeed powerful, but not to this extent.

What she didn’t know was that during those 100 years Yang Kai was confronting her in the cage, he had only used the Yellow and Blue Crystals at or below the Sixth-Order to display the Purifying Light. After all, Yang Kai had to conserve his resources in order to fight a protracted battle. Although he had countless Yellow and Blue Crystals, he didn’t dare to squander them freely.

But as he was facing the freed Black Ink Master just now, Yang Kai had gone all out and absorbed a massive amount of Eighth-Order Yellow and Blue Crystals.

As a result, the Purifying Light he was able to display was naturally much stronger. The Eighth-Order Yellow and Blue Crystals were the highest Order materials he possessed.

Having been freed, the dozen or so Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters promptly use their Divine Manifestation to attack the Black Ink Master.

This was a Heaven-sent opportunity. Once before, they had tried to break through the Black Ink Master’s blockade and engage in a melee with her, but none had been able to reach her. Everyone who tried to approach her was blocked by the defensive web she had spun.

But this time, she was the one who took the initiative to drag them into close quarters.

Blasts of World Force surged as Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities bombarded the Black Ink Master’s enormous body. Her beautiful face turned pale as she cried out in pain again and again. Seemingly falling into a rage, she began wildly swinging her long legs in an attempt to counter-attack.

Panic quickly replaced her rage though as the dazzling white sun that had broken her Secret Technique was forcefully shoved into the crack in her abdomen.

Although Yang Kai was sent flying by one of her long legs the next instant, the Black Ink Master’s abdomen had gone through an earth-shattering change.

Everyone could clearly feel that the Black Ink Master’s aura weakening at a speed visible to the naked eye and was overjoyed, immediately increasing the intensity of their attacks.

A series of violent explosions rang out as the dozen or so Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters attacked to their heart’s content. It had been many years since they had a chance to unleash their strength like this. Having reached their current strength and position meant that there weren’t many targets worthy of them to personally take action against, so this was a rare chance to let loose.

When they first fought with the Black Ink Master, they had clearly been a little out of practice, but as time wore on, their attacks became more and more intense. They were acting as if they had suddenly become thousands of years younger, returning to their hot-blooded youth.

The Purifying Light kept bursting from Yang Kai’s hands, and each time his attack would cause varying degrees of injuries to the Black Ink Master.

The Black Ink Master’s enraged counterattack did not cease. From time to time, the aura of a Small Universe’s collapse could be felt from behind, indicating that a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master had fallen.

But even more Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters broke through the Black Ink Master’s web blockade and joined the battle.

It was quite a chaotic battle. Nonetheless, everyone knew what they had to do, especially Yang Kai, who was constantly guarded by four or five Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. Everyone knew that Yang Kai’s Purifying Light was the sharpest weapon they had against the Black Ink Master. Although he was only a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, the damage he could cause to her with each blow was something that none of these Eighth-Order Masters were capable of.

The Black Ink Master’s aura continued to weaken, and after an initial struggle, it looked like she no longer had the strength to fight back. This situation greatly motivated the many High-Rank Masters.