Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4905 – Two

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Back when he lived in the Star Boundary, Yang Kai originally wanted Xia Ning Chang to become the Disciple of Wondrous Pill Great Emperor; however, the latter had already accepted his final Disciple and publicly proclaimed he would not accept another. As such, the matter had to be dropped.

However, Wondrous Pill Great Emperor personally taught Xia Ning Chang the Alchemic Dao, and Xia Ning Chang lived in Medicine Pill Valley for a long time. She even studied under all of Wondrous Pill Great Emperor’s other Disciples. In a sense, she was Wondrous Pill Great Emperor’s Disciple in all but name.

Therefore, although formally, they did not have a Master and Disciple relationship, they were in reality Master and Disciple.

Now, Xia Ning Chang had the honour to worship Divine Medicine Cave Heaven’s Purple Jade Divine Monarch, Zi Yu, and became his Disciple. Naturally, Wondrous Pill Great Emperor was extremely happy for her.

Divine Medicine Heaven originally did not want to make things too difficult for Yang Kai, but since the others had all put up tests, they naturally could not be an exception. This was just a formality, so regardless of Yang Kai’s mastery of Alchemy, he could still take Xia Ning Chang away.

However, when the other side brought forward a true Alchemist, Divine Medicine Cave Heaven’s Open Heaven Realm representative had no choice but to take the situation more seriously. This disciple realized that his opponent from Void Land had some extraordinary skills in the Alchemic Dao, and if he was sloppy or careless, he might end up losing the competition.

The Alchemy contest was truly magnificent, with both sides showing off all their skills.

The Spirit Pills they chose to refine were fortunately not complicated and each only took less than half an hour to complete. The Divine Medicine Heaven disciple cupped his fist to Wondrous Pill Great Emperor, while the latter returned the courtesy. Those who were uninitiated in the Alchemic Dao had an idea who had won when the dust settled.

Zi Yu personally came forward to review the Spirit Pills refined by both sides, but did not do any open comparisons. If there was a formal judging, there would be a winner and a loser, which would reflect poorly on this auspicious day.

However, those with discerning eyes could see that though Wondrous Pill Great Emperor was skillful in Alchemy, he had only advanced to the Open Heaven Realm a few hundred years ago, so how could he be better than the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master from Divine Medicine Cave Heaven? The Divine Medicine Heaven disciple had reached the Open Heaven Realm thousands of years ago, so in terms of the Alchemic Dao, even Wondrous Pill Great Emperor could not compare to him.

Yang Kai happily rushed into the palace and under the guidance of the Divine Medicine Cave Heaven disciples, entered a boudoir and carried out the festively dressed Little Senior Sister.

The last stop was Yin-Yang Cave Heaven.

There were no difficulties or tests here, nor was there need for any.

Yang Kai and Qu Hua Shang had already entered and passed the Samsara Pavilion’s test, crossing nine reincarnations together to emerge on the other side. In Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s history, they were the only couple to ever accomplish this; thus, there was no need to test anything.

The Divine Monarch from Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s side was named Qing Yu, and Yang Kai came forward to salute him respectfully.

Yu Xiang Die, who was standing beside him, smiled and said, “Come with me, she’s waiting inside.”

After saying these words, she turned around and walked forward while Yang Kai followed closely behind.

When Yang Kai looked up, he saw two women in red dresses sitting on the bed with red veils covering their faces. When they heard the door open, the one on the left tensed up slightly, and the ones acting as bridesmaids today wrung their hands while looking nervous.

Yang Kai looked stunned.

[Why are there two brides?] He wondered to himself if this was some kind of test from Yin-Yang Cave Heaven; however, he soon dismissed this thought as he realized who was front of him.

One of them was Qu Hua Shang, while the other was Tao Ling Wan. Although both of their faces were covered with red veils, he could easily distinguish them from their auras.

Yang Kai turned his head towards Yu Xiang Die and looked at her with a questioning look. He clearly meant to ask what Yin-Yang Cave Heaven meant by this.

Yu Xiang Die smiled, but did not say anything.

During this moment of hesitation, Tao Ling Wan, who was sitting motionless on the bed, was obviously feeling nervous and uneasy. Qu Hua Shang, who was sitting next to her, took the initiative to reach out and hold her delicate hand.

Yang Kai did not hesitate for long though, stepping forward to stand in front of the pair before holding out his left and right hands as he said softly, “My Ladies, please rise!”

Two small hands reached out and Yang Kai pulled the two women up before turning around, embraced on both the right and left, and walked majestically out with them by his sides.

Tao Ling Wan slowly relaxed her tensed body.

Yu Xiang Die, who was following behind Yang Kai, also felt relieved.

The arrangement here was made without any prior notice to Yang Kai, so as to surprise him. She saw Yang Kai’s attitude toward Tao Ling Wan when she was in Yin-Yang Cave Heaven and knew that if he was given a choice, he might not be willing to marry Tao Ling Wan.

It was not that he did not like her, but rather that he was not familiar with her. Since he had very few interactions with her, he was not as emotionally attached to her.

Tao Ling Wan was set up by her Honoured Master in a conspiracy to resolve the awkward situation Yin-Yang Cave Heaven found itself in some time ago. Chen Xiu had used his own Disciple’s cultivation dissonance to trick Yang Kai into helping Tao Ling Wan. Once that happened, Yang Kai’s aura had permanently been engraved into Tao Ling Wan’s Small Universe due to the Secret Art she cultivated. Now, Tao Ling Wan needed Yang Kai’s power in order to advance to Seventh-Order, and even to simply survive.

This was the path a Yin-Yang Cave Heaven disciple treaded when they cultivated the Heartfelt Dao.

Thereafter, Tao Ling Wan even took the initiative to enter the Samsara Pavilion and set up a Heart Barrier for herself. Fortunately, Yang Kai recognized her at the last moment and managed to retrieve her sealed memories, returning them to her so she could successfully leave the Samsara Pavilion.

In that life, Tao Ling Wan was deeply moved by Yang Kai, could not forget him, and realized that she had found her true love. Thus, when Yang Kai left Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, she followed him.

Today, since he was getting married, how could Yin-Yang Cave Heaven not have her here?

Soon, Yang Kai would enter the Void Corridor to seal it, and perhaps never return. Without Yang Kai, she would not ever be able to reach the Seventh-Order; thus, no matter what, before Yang Kai left, Yin-Yang Cave Heaven had to pave the way forward for her.

On this auspicious day, Yang Kai naturally could not embarrass Tao Ling Wan. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

With the two women sitting there together, if Yang Kai was to take one away and leave the other behind, that would be a humiliation so great to Tao Ling Wan that killing her would have been kinder. If she were a more extroverted woman, she might be able to overcome such humiliation given enough time; however, Tao Ling Wan was someone who was extremely introverted and innocent. To this day, she still blushed when she spoke to Yang Kai.

Although he had no special feelings for Tao Ling Wan, Yang Kai knew that she felt close to him because of the Secret Art and the reincarnation they experienced together in the Samsara Pavilion. In that life, she had sealed her memories and had no idea who he was, or even who she was; nonetheless, she still sacrificed her life to block a fatal sword strike for him.

The experiences in the Samsara Pavilion were all about one’s true heart, and the decisions made in that life would reflect what one would do in reality.

Yang Kai could not bear to hurt a woman who was literally willing to die for him; thus, when he saw the two of them sitting in that room, it was easy for him to make a decision.

A short while later, Yang Kai walked out of the palace, arm in arm with his two brides.

Chen Xiu was waiting for them inside the palace with his head raised to the Heavens. His expression appeared calm, but his heart was full of unease. He was terrified he would see a scene he did not want to see. When Yang Kai took longer than usual inside the palace, Chen Xiu felt as though hundreds of thousands of years were ticking by. Every moment was filled with torment.

When he saw that Yang Kai had led the two women out though, the huge boulder weighing down on his heart was lifted and he exhaled a long sigh of relief.

Chen Xiu still felt very guilty about what he did back then and was also sorry for his Disciple who he had put in such an embarrassing situation. However, from his standpoint, what he did at that time was for the sake of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven as a whole. He wanted to save Yin-Yang Cave Heaven from embarrassment and protect its reputation. He did not act for selfish reasons.

In addition, he had only agreed to this plan because he felt that Yang Kai’s status was good enough for his Disciple, and that she would not be dishonored by following this man.

Originally, he did not expect Tao Ling Wan to participate in this wedding event. He also knew that his Disciple did not hold much weight in Yang Kai’s heart. At least it was not to the extent of being considered for marriage. It was Yu Xiang Die who made the suggestion and finally Azure Feather Divine Monarch, Qing Yu who agreed. Qing Yu did not object to Tao Ling Wan being in the room where Yang Kai was to receive the bride, which Chen Xiu was very grateful for.

With Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s people feeling relieved, the procession that came to welcome the bride broke out in cheers.

Although there were already four brides aboard the boat, they were each brought aboard one at a time from the different families. Now, at Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s residence, Yang Kai actually brought two brides back at once!

One of them was naturally Qu Hua Shang, and the other, without much thought, should be Tao Ling Wan.

They were Yin-Yang Cave Heaven disciples, and both of them were Sixth-Order Masters! In the past, they could only marry within Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, or have others marry into Yin-Yang Heaven!

The status of the person who joined the family could not be too low and his aptitude must also meet the grade. It could be said that the requirements were very high, but today, Yang Kai actually took two brides back from Yin-Yang Cave Heaven at once. This was surely a new precedent which would never again be seen in the future.

The sound of the instruments became more and more festive, and the Open Heaven Realm Masters on the boat all put in the greatest effort to add to the celebratory atmosphere of the auspicious day.

With all the brides aboard, the groom’s party said farewell to Yin-Yang Cave Heaven and steered the ship back towards Void Land’s temporary base.

A crowd had been waiting for a long time back at Void Land’s palace.

A long red carpet was laid on the ground, and the ship soon moored in front of it. One by one, seven people were led down from the ship.

Yang Kai led the way, with six women in three columns of two following behind him. Seven people connected by fate, each holding a large red flower to add to the festive atmosphere. This was what Void Land and High Heaven Palace had been planning for.

On the way, there were people who had arranged to perform Secret Techniques to add colour and cheer to the celebration.

The crowd entered a Grand Hall amidst loud music and cheers.

Yang Kai looked up and saw that the Grand Hall was decorated in red and ready for the ceremony.

Six Wood Divine Monarch, Liu Mu, was already waiting in front with a big smile on his face. They did not know when he had come over from Golden Antelope Paradise.

As expected, he was the master of ceremonies today.

Liu Mu looked at Yang Kai with a smile and raised his hand to silence the rowdy crowd around them. He then declared, “On such an auspicious day, the groom and his brides should perform the ritual of three bows to become Husband and Wives, as is tradition for both mortals and cultivators alike.”