Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4907 – Treating the Symptoms but not the Root Cause

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai turned around and left.

Yang Xue had seen all of this and felt so awkward and embarrassed by what had happened. She did not expect her Sisters-in-law to behave in such a manner today of all days, it was totally out of character for them. Her Sisters-in-law were usually demure and accommodating. Their behaviour was truly out of the ordinary today and it appeared that they had discussed this and decided to all act in solidarity. It was highly likely that the rest would be doing the same to Yang Kai. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Thereafter, Yang Kai went to Xue Yue but was once again denied entry into the chamber.

Then he went to Qu Hua Shang, and the same thing happened.

[To think that even Qu Hua Shang is in cahoots with Ru Meng!]

At this point, how could Yang Kai not know what his Wives were up to?

Yang Xue, who had been following behind Yang Kai, was now very worried. Today, they received six brides but five of them had refused Yang Kai entering their bridal chamber. Now, there was only one chamber remaining which was occupied by Tao Ling Wan. If he was rejected at the last chamber, then her Big Brother would really lose all face.

Although today was merely a formality and they did not conduct the proper wedding rituals, it was still her Big Brother’s auspicious day. It would be a huge scandal if this final step could not be completed.

If he could not enter a single bride’s chamber tonight, on his wedding day, Yang Kai would become the butt of everyone’s jokes tomorrow. Yang Kai represented the face of Void Land and High Heaven Palace now, so that must not be allowed to happen.

“You can leave now,” Yang Kai suddenly stopped and said as he stood in front of the last courtyard.

Yang Xue was stunned for a moment, but then tried to speak up, “Big Brother, you…”

Yang Kai smiled, “Don’t worry, there won’t be any problems here.”

After saying that, he waved his hand and walked into the courtyard.

Yang Xue looked on with bated breath and waited anxiously.

The guard here was Luan Bai Feng, and when she saw Yang Kai appear, she immediately bowed and greeted respectfully, “Sect Master!”

Yang Kai nodded and walked straight ahead. Luan Bai Feng did not say anything at all and simply parted the curtains and invited him inside.

When Yang Xue saw this, she heaved a huge sigh of relief.

Luan Bai Feng did not stay inside, and soon came out. She closed the door, winked at Yang Xue, and the two women left, side by side.

Although the chamber was only temporarily decorated, it was done with careful considerations. Tao Ling Wan was wearing a phoenix coronet and bridal robes as she sat still on the bed.

She became nervous when she heard Yang Kai’s steps approaching from outside. As his footfalls got closer, she could not help but tense up.

She did not expect Yang Kai to come here at all!

Today, there were six new brides, and apart from Qu Hua Shang and herself, the other four had been with Yang Kai for much, much longer. The length of time that they spent together definitely resulted in an accumulation of emotions deep in their hearts that tied them far more closely than the two newcomers who had only just started to be with him.

She also knew that she was far less important in Yang Kai’s heart compared to the others, so she did not harbour any expectations of tonight at all.

However, he really came.

Tao Ling Wan was not prepared for this and was so nervous that she even forgot to breathe!

Yang Kai was also a bit overwhelmed; he did not have much contact with Tao Ling Wan at all. The reason why he brought her out from Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s temporary palace today was because he really could not refuse. He thought that he could solve the issues between them later, but reality caught up with him and one thing happened after another, leading to the situation they were facing right now.

The wedding was so sudden that no one informed him beforehand, and Yin-Yang Cave Heaven even placed Qu Hua Shang and Tao Ling Wan in the same room, so he did not even have a choice.

With this situation right now, Yang Kai also had a hard time deciding what to do.

When he saw Tao Ling Wan’s nervousness though, Yang Kai felt a little amused. With a bit more thought though, he realized that this woman was simply too shy and innocent. She was inevitably apprehensive when she encountered this kind of situation today.

However, some things had to be done, and it was his job as a man to take the lead here!

Yang Kai poured himself a glass of wine and took a sip before sitting down and saying, “Don’t be afraid, I just came to take a rest.”

As soon as he spoke, Tao Ling Wan, who was sitting on the bed, was startled and began to shiver. Although it was subtle, it was obvious that she was very nervous.

Yang Kai smiled to himself as he explained, “The others refused to let me in. They all pushed me to come to you.”

Tao Ling Wan was wearing a red veil in silence so he could not see her expression. She also finally understood why Yang Kai appeared here instead of elsewhere.

The others did not give him access to their chambers, which was why he ended up with her. However, Tao Ling Wan knew that today was their auspicious day and if Yang Kai could not enter any of the bridal chambers, malicious gossip would undoubtedly spread.

“Today was just a formality, not a proper wedding. So, Wan’er, it is still not too late to back out of this. It is important for you to obtain a life that suits you the most. Life is a long journey, and you need to find the right companion, otherwise it will be nothing but sadness. Furthermore, I will be leaving to seal the Void Corridor soon. I can’t guarantee that I will survive. Ru Meng and the others had been with me for many years; thus, they have no choice but to stay with me. However, you still have a choice. Tonight, I will just rest here and I will leave first thing tomorrow. There’s no need for you to be nervous.”

Tao Ling Wan only became more nervous after hearing what he said though, her body trembling more and more.

Yang Kai smiled bitterly and said, “Rest assured, I will not do anything to you. I will just sit here. Why don’t you take off the veil and let’s have a casual chat?”

Tao Ling Wan did not move, but she began to shake even more.

Yang Kai’s expression suddenly turned stern as he got up, walked towards Tao Ling Wan’s side, and touched his fingers to her wrist.

The next moment, Yang Kai exclaimed, “You’re experiencing cultivation dissonance again?”

He had encountered this situation once before. At that time, in Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, Tao Ling Wan had suffered cultivation dissonance and Yang Kai had naturally tried to help her. Although with his assistance, Tao Ling Wan was able to turn danger into safety, it also resulted in Yang Kai’s aura being left in her Small Universe.

It was because of that inadvertent act that the two of them forged a connection together.

However, this time, the situation was obviously much more serious than before.

Yang Kai quickly asked, “How many times has this happened over the past century alone?”

The reason for bringing Tao Ling Wan out of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven was that her Master, Chen Xiu, said that without truly connecting with Yang Kai, Tao Ling Wan would always be at risk of cultivation dissonance. Once this happened, only Yang Kai could help her.

“F-Five times!” Tao Ling Wan said weakly.

Yang Kai immediately felt terrible. When he volunteered to enter the cage to probe the situation, he never expected to be trapped inside for 100 years. During these 100 years, it was impossible for Tao Ling Wan to live in peace and had even suffered five cultivation dissonance episodes.

Fortunately, Qing Yu, an Ancestor of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, had been present and had also cultivated the Heartfelt Dao, so he could personally take action to help Tao Ling Wan resolve her cultivation dissonance.

However, although the Qing Yu was the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, with profound cultivation that stemmed from the same roots as Tao Ling Wan, he only could treat her symptoms, not the root cause of her condition.

This was also the reason why he agreed to let Yang Kai marry two Yin-Yang Cave Heaven disciples at the same time. Tao Ling Wan had to commit herself to Yang Kai in order to cure her current situation completely. There was no other choice.

Tao Ling Wan’s cultivation dissonance was getting progressively worse. One day, even an Eighth-Order Ancestor like Qing Yu would be powerless to help her.

In Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, such cultivation dissonance was regularly suffered by those who cultivated the Heartfelt Dao’s core Secret Art. It was, strictly speaking, a side effect of the Secret Art and not a true cultivation dissonance.

Disciples who had a more profound cultivation and cultivated the Heartfelt Dao without achieving harmony between Yin and Yang would suffer a cultivation dissonance to varying degrees.

The Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm was the limit of cultivation of this Secret Art! If they wanted to achieve a breakthrough and overcome this issue once and for all, it was necessary to harmonize Yin and Yang.

If a disciple cultivating the Heartfelt Dao encountered something like this before meeting their destined partner, they could rely on their own persistence and will to resolve it, just as Tao Ling Wan had done for many years before she met Yang Kai.

At that time, when she experienced cultivation dissonance, she would have managed just fine even if Yang Kai did not help her; after all, she had experienced such situations many times before and overcome them all.

However, how could Yang Kai have known about such intricacies in Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s Secret Arts? When he saw Tao Ling Wan showing signs of cultivation dissonance, he did what was natural and tried to help, falling right into Chen Xiu’s scheme.

It was due to his good intentions that Yang Kai ended up being entangled in this matter.

Now, Tao Ling Wan’s situation was much more serious than during Yang Kai’s first encounter with her. He could clearly feel the agitation of Tao Ling Wan’s Small Universe, and if this issue was not resolved, it was very likely to cause her Small Universe to collapse one day.

Having experienced this situation once before, Yang Kai naturally knew what he should do.

He pushed the power of his Small Universe and poured it into Tao Ling Wan’s body.

It was easily accepted, as if their powers were of the same origin, just as it was the first time.

With Yang Kai’s assistance, Tao Ling Wan’s condition gradually improved. Within the time taken to burn a stick of incense, Tao Ling Wan’s shivering had calmed down, and the agitation within her Small Universe subsided.

Yang Kai only stopped once he was sure the current crisis had been solved.

After a few moments of silence, he asked, “Senior Sister Qu told me about the Heartfelt Dao’s Secret Art. How have you resolved this issue so far?”

Tao Ling Wan softly explained that it was Ancestor Qing Yu who helped her.

Yang Kai nodded lightly and felt even more guilty after realizing how much trouble he had caused by his carelessness.

“Ancestor said that he could help me suppress it at most two more times. After that, there would be nothing more he could do,” Tao Ling Wan said again.

The next time Tao Ling Wan encountered this problem, even if Yang Kai was not around, at least The Azure Feather Divine Monarch might be able to help; however, Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s disciples never encountered such dire situations as they would have resolved the issue with their chosen partner long before it reached such a point.