Chapter 4910 – It’s Time

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

No one could say for certain what was at the other end of the Void Corridor; however, there was a high possibility that it led to the Black Ink Battlefield. Although Yang Kai seemed to have nine lives, his chances of surviving were slim if that was the case.

Even if he survived, he would not have the chance to return to the 3,000 Worlds. That was why Mo Sha was so generous to pass on the two Eye Techniques and their cultivation method otherwise, Myriad Demons Heaven would never have allowed their core secrets to be leaked.

When he returned to Void Land’s temporary base, Yang Kai immediately announced he would enter retreat.

As Mo Sha said, he did not have much time left, and it was too late to consider raising his cultivation. Thus, Yang Kai decided to cultivate these two Eye Techniques. Perhaps they would help him out of some critical situations.

Although his women did not know what was the purpose of his retreat, they were understanding in their response; after all, they were all satisfied with the time Yang Kai spent with them over these past few days.

The jade slip contained the cultivation method for the two Eye Techniques, and also explained their uses when cultivated to their peak.

The Demon Eye of Annihilation and Purgatory Black Pupils, were respectively a support and attack method.

If one could really cultivate them to the peak, the Demon Eye of Annihilation was capable of breaking all illusions. Previously, in order to break the Super Array that enveloped Black Territory, the Cave Heavens and Paradises used countless people to mine out the Ore Stars in order to weaken it.

However, at the same time, there was another group who were responsible for cracking the countless Spirit Arrays that filled Black Territory.

These Spirit Arrays, like the Ore Stars, were part of the Super Array.

This group of people was mainly led by those from Myriad Demons Heaven, with the help of many Array Masters. In Myriad Demons Heaven, those who cultivated the Demon Eye of Annihilation were all High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters, and under their perceptive eyes, many of the Spirit Array’s flaws became obvious. This greatly improved the efficiency of breaking the arrays and saved a lot of time.

Yang Kai had used his Demon Eye of Annihilation to observe the core Spirit Arrays just outside the central cage of the Super Array; however, although he knew that the Spirit Arrays were dangerous, he could not avoid them all even after a channel was opened to send him into the cage.

During the 100 years that Yang Kai was trapped in the cage, it was Mo Sha, who personally sought out the weaknesses of the Spirit Arrays outside the cage and succeeded in cracking all these Spirit Arrays.

Mo Sha had not cultivated the Dao of Spirit Arrays, so he relied entirely on the Demon Eye of Annihilation to see through these Arrays instead.

However, even with the powerful Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivation, Mo Sha had still not cultivated the Demon Eye of Annihilation to its highest level.

It was written in the jade slip that if one could really cultivate the Demon Eye of Annihilation to the highest point, one could even see through the fabric of reality, space, and time to view the future.

In the history of Myriad Demons Cave Heaven, no one had ever cultivated the Demon Eye of Annihilation to this extent, and it was not possible to say whether this level truly existed.

Naturally, Yang Kai did not expect to achieve mastery comparable to those from Myriad Demons Heaven; after all, such great prowess could only be achieved by cultivating for countless years. He would be satisfied if he could simply improve the power of his Eye Techniques.

The Demon Eye of Annihilation was not a killing method. It was mainly a deterrent and auxiliary skill.

In contrast, the Black Purgatory Eye was a very powerful killing method. Yang Kai had also used this Secret Technique, so he knew this fact very well.

Under the Black Purgatory Eye, everything was silenced and the world was plunged into darkness. Enemies targeted by this Secret Technique were often caught by surprise and left incredibly vulnerable.

If the enemy was deprived of all their senses, they were bound to fall into immense danger.

The days passed.

High Heaven Palace fell quiet as no one dared to disturbed Yang Kai’s retreat.

One day, a ray of light flew over.

Noticing the commotion, members of Void Land and High Heaven Palace went to investigate, and soon Xue Yue stepped forward and bowed, “Honoured Master!”

The person who came was Liu Mu. He looked serious and solemn, so it was obvious that something had happened.

This caused the hearts of the members of Void Land and High Heaven Palace to sink.

After all these days of peace and quiet, the time had finally come.

“Call him out!” Liu Mu said to Xue Yue.

Xue Yue pursed her lips, nodded, and turned to leave.

Yu Ru Meng stepped forward and asked, “Senior, is it time?”

Liu Mu shook his head and replied, “It’s impossible to say exactly, but he has to head over just in case something goes wrong.”

It had been almost five months since Yang Kai returned from the Void Corridor to the rear lines. During this period, the ancient sealing power had been dissipating continuously. Once the ancient sealing power had completely dispersed, the Void Corridor would be completely formed and the two ends would be connected.

In recent days, the rate of the dissipation of the ancient seal had obviously accelerated. The Divine Monarchs present there did not dare to take the situation lightly; thus, Liu Mu came to ask Yang Kai to exit retreat.

Yu Ru Meng nodded to show that she understood what he meant.

A short while later, Yang Kai appeared and met Liu Mu. He inquired about the situation and nodded lightly, “I’ll go investigate the situation. Senior, make yourself at home.”

After saying that, he turned his head to Yu Ru Meng and the others, nodded, then manipulated Space Principles to instantly disappear.

Soon enough, Yang Kai reappeared beside the Void Corridor. Previously, he left Space Beacons behind when he went back to his Wives, so they now came in handy to quickly cross the distance.

At this moment, more than a dozen Eighth-Order Ancestors were guarding the Void Corridor. All of them were relieved to see Yang Kai.

Qing Yu spoke first, “Boy, these past few days, the Void Corridor has been behaving oddly. We need you to check the situation.”

“Yes!” Yang Kai answered and dashed over to the Void Corridor. Space Principles surged as he closed his eyes to investigate. Moments later, Yang Kai dove straight in.

This scene made the Eighth-Order Ancestors, who were guarding this place, raise their brows.

A Void Corridor was not a place one could come and go as they pleased. In its current state, the corridor was filled with unimaginable void turbulence, like a raging maelstrom. Even if one’s cultivation was strong, they may lose their way if they were pulled into this chaotic storm. If one could not find a way out, then they would be trapped in the Void forever.

Thus, although the Eighth-Order Ancestors had been guarding this place for several days, no one dared to enter to investigate.

Yang Kai, however, bravely entered like it was nothing, which made them sigh emotionally.

However, this was his speciality. Although Yang Kai’s cultivation was a lot lower than theirs, his proficiency in the Dao of Space allowed him to enter the Void Corridor safely.

After waiting for about three or four hours, Yang Kai rushed out from the Void Corridor.

“What’s the situation?” Qing Yu quickly asked.

“It can hold on for another half a month to a month,” Yang Kai replied.

He had to calculate how fast the ancient sealing power was dissipating, and how long it would take for him to reseal it. Half a month to a month was the limit; any longer and it would be too late.

The Ancestors looked at each other for a moment before nodding slightly and started sending out messages.

A day later, a large number of rays of light came over. All of them were the Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises.

The time limit for sealing the Void Corridor had been set, so they had to begin preparing.

In case of a failure, the Void Corridor would be completely connected and the Cave Heavens and Paradises would face unknown dangers.

Teams formed by Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises appeared as they guarded the Void Corridor tightly.

The Void Land and High Heaven Palace members also arrived. Although they were the smallest in number and the lowest in cultivation, they had still turned out in full force.

The women looked at Yang Kai with reluctance and worry, but they could not do anything to change the situation. They could only pray that the other side of the Void Corridor was not connected to the Black Ink Battlefield.

“Waiting for someone?” Mo Sha asked when he saw Yang Kai hesitate.

Yang Kai responded, “There’s one more thing I need to take care of.”

Mo Sha nodded and said nothing more. He believed that Yang Kai would not be careless in this kind of matters. Since he intended to wait, then he must be certain there was time. It was useless to rush.

Liu Mu said, “Just as well, let me tell you about the situation on the Black Ink Battlefield.”

This was also information Yang Kai intended to find out, so he immediately cupped his fist and said respectfully, “Junior listens with respect.” VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Liu Mu said, “In truth, none of us know what the full situation is on the Black Ink Battlefield. As you know, no one has ever returned after they crossed the No-Return Pass. What we do know is gathered from information sent back from time to time. None of us has seen the real situation with our own eyes, so what we tell you can only be taken as a reference.”

“Junior understands.”

Liu Mu pondered a moment before continuing, “The Black Ink Battlefield is vast. No one knows exactly how big it is. Over the millennia, the Cave Heavens and Paradises have been sending people to fight, but they have not been able to kill the Black Ink Clan to the last. That shows just how powerful the Black Ink Clan is. In the Black Ink Battlefield, there are a total of 108 Great Passes. Each Cave Heaven or Paradise is responsible for one of them. Each Pass is a self-sufficient fortress, but they are all closely linked. Reliance on the 108 Great Passes Grand Formation has allowed the Cave Heavens and Paradises to keep the Black Ink Clan at bay. Otherwise, they would have rushed into the No-Return Pass and invaded the 3,000 Worlds long ago.”

“If you really end up there, remember to rush to the nearest Great Pass. You have the World Spring protecting your Small Universe, so it is impervious to external forces. Our allies on the other side certainly do not know your identity, but as long as you show them your World Spring, they will not treat you as a Black Ink Disciple. No matter which Cave Heaven or Paradise guards territory you arrive at, as long as you can enter one of the Great Passes, you’ll be safe.”

Yang Kai nodded and said, “Junior will remember.”

After a moment of silence, he asked, “But just in case, can Senior give me some kind of Faith Token?”

Liu Mu waved his hand and said, “Faith Tokens are useless on that battlefield. Those from the Cave Heavens and Paradises can be corrupted by the Black Ink Strength at any moment, so the only way to confirm one’s identity is to inspect their Small Universe. Faith Tokens can’t be trusted.”

Qing Yu then said, “Originally, we intended to offer you some of our strength in the form of protective techniques, but considering that the other side may be the Black Ink Battlefield, doing so would only expose your identity; thus, you can only rely on yourself.”

When Yang Kai went into the cage and confronted the Black Ink Royal Lord, he was blessed by five Eighth-Order Ancestors. He relied on that protection to defend himself from the Black Ink Royal Lord’s opening attack.

However, for this trip, if the other side was indeed the Black Ink Battlefield, such protective techniques would only put him in more danger as Yang Kai would not be able to hide his identity.