Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4912 – What Is This Place

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

This matter did not take much effort. There were as many Masters in the Cave Heavens and Paradises as there were clouds in the sky; therefore, they only needed to dispatch an Eighth-Order Ancestor along with some Seventh-Order Masters to take turns on duty.

After a short discussion, everybody agreed on a plan.

There were suppressed weeping sounds coming from the people of Void Land High Heaven Palace, which annoyed Lan You Ruo greatly and caused her to snap, “Why are you all crying? He’s not dead yet! If you really want to help him, then you should hurry back and cultivate hard!”

Yu Ru Meng seemed to realise something, “Big Sister, do you mean…”

Lan You Ruo might be their Senior, but she had always regarded Yang Kai as a Little Brother; hence, it was normal for Yu Ru Meng to address her as ‘Big Sister’ based on Yang Kai’s status.

Lan You Ruo nodded, “If he returns safely from this trip, then it can only mean that he did not enter the Black Ink Battlefield. If so, he will be safe and sound and nothing will change. On the other hand, if he fails to return, then it can only mean that he entered the Black Ink Battlefield after all. If you have the time to cry, then you might as well use that time to cultivate hard and advance to the Seventh-Order as soon as possible. When that happens, I’ll bring you all to the Black Ink Battlefield to look for him!”

As soon as she made the statement, several pairs of eyes immediately brightened.

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The people from Void Land and High Heaven Palace were basically made up of Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. The Great Emperors and Yang Kai’s wives had all advanced directly to the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, so the limit of their future achievements was the Eighth-Order.

Although Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were generally considered strong, they were actually the weakest of soldiers on the Black Ink Battlefield. Only those who had advanced to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm had enough strength to defend themselves.

A single statement from Lan You Ruo was enough for them to suppress their depressed feelings and redirect their attention towards a new goal.

Yue He took out a bunch of Space Rings and handed them to Hua Qing Si, “Head Manager, Young Master handed these to me previously and asked me to pass them to you.”

Hua Qing Si took the Space Rings and investigated them with her Divine Sense, a look of astonishment appearing on her face in the next instant. That couldn’t be helped though as all of these Space Rings contained Yin and Yang Element materials. Furthermore, the Yellow Crystals and Blue Crystals were piled up like mountains in the Space Rings, all of which were of excellent quality. Some crystals were even the size of small mountains all on their own.

These materials could be said to be invaluable. The Sect would have more than enough cultivation resources thanks to these materials, which would greatly shorten the cultivation time of its disciples.

Hua Qing Si was vaguely aware of the source of these Yellow and Blue Crystals. She had also heard about Yang Kai’s unique methods against the Black Ink Clan from Lan You Ruo, so she couldn’t help feeling worried and asked, “If Sect Master left all of these materials behind, then what would happen to him if he encountered someone from the Black Ink Clan on the Black Ink Battlefield?”

Without these resources, Yang Kai would not have any means to activate his primary weapon, the Purifying Light.

Yue He whispered, “Young Master told me that he only left half behind. He has taken the other half with him.”

Upon hearing those words, Hua Qing Si nodded her head with a sense of reassurance. Nevertheless, she was also extremely shocked inside. These Space Rings were literally filled to the brim with resources and the number of Yellow and Blue Crystals inside them were practically incalculable.

[And this merely half the total amount!? Just how many benefits did Sect Master gain in the Chaotic Dead Territory?] Composing herself, she stored the Space Rings away carefully. She was High Heaven Palace’s Head Manager and was responsible for the overall distribution of its resources; therefore, it was best if she kept these Space Rings in her possession.

Lan You Ruo led everybody over to bid their farewells to the Ancestors of the Cave Heavens and Paradises before setting out. The other party did not stop them from leaving. By venturing deep into the Void Corridor to re-seal it, Yang Kai had already made the greatest contribution possible, so there was no need for Void Land and High Heaven Palace to remain involved in this matter anymore.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters led by Liu Mu told the leaving party to inform them clearly if they had any need of help in the future. They promised that they would ask their disciples and subordinates to cooperate as much as possible.

Lan You Ruo thanked the Ancestors and departed with the others following behind her.

Thanks to the promises of the Ancestors, both High Heaven Palace and Void Land would be able to maintain a stable and independent position in the future. There was no need to worry about being pushed aside or excluded; after all, Yang Kai had only just made a huge contribution to the safety of the 3,000 Worlds. If his Sect was oppressed after that, it would be too dishonourable.

…..

Inside the Void Corridor, Space Principles surged around Yang Kai as he guided the Void Turbulence around him to exert a sealing effect.

In order to explain his plan to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Ancestors earlier, he had specially used a small tube of bamboo to demonstrate. The power of the ancient seal that used to fill the Void Corridor was gradually fading away; therefore, what he needed to do now was refill the spot where the ancient seal had disappeared in order to conceal the existence of the Void Corridor.

This was an extremely energy-consuming task since Yang Kai had to mobilize Space Principles at all times. Moreover, sealing the path behind him meant that he could no longer turn back. He could only forge forward and continuously seal the route ahead.

The Void Corridor was filled with chaos and darkness, with neither light nor sound. Even Yang Kai’s perception became quite hazy. Under such conditions, he could only wield his power instinctually and rely on the dispersion of the ancient seal ahead of him to estimate his progress.

Time passed, little by little. Yang Kai was forced to stop and rest from time to time as he did not dare to exhaust himself completely. Nobody could say whether or not he might encounter any dangers in the next moment, so he had to maintain a necessary level of strength to deal with any unknowns.

Everywhere he passed, his power flooded the Void Corridor and sealed it up tight. One would either need to use brute force or have similar attainments in the Dao of Space to break this seal.

Yang Kai did not know how long he spent inside the Void Corridor as the flow of time became blurry in a place like this. Due to the dissipation of the ancient seal, the Void Turbulence also became extremely dangerous and crashed towards him from all directions at all times.

If Yang Kai had faced this situation in the past, he might not have been able to resolve it. It was fortunate that his current attainments in the Dao of Space were extraordinary. According to the division of the Dao he created, Yang Kai had reached the eighth level, Summiting the Peak, which was a level far beyond what most people could reach in any Dao.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai noticed that there was an invisible force behind him blocking his way. This discovery calmed him down. In his haste, he had finally caught up!

He knew that the invisible force behind him was the power of the ancient seal, which could only mean that his speculation at the beginning was not wrong, and the opportunity to conceal the other end of the Void Corridor was completely in his grasp. If he was lucky, no one on the other end of the Void Corridor would ever know it existed.

The power of the ancient seal continued to dissipate, and as a result, Yang Kai found himself stuck between two walls in the Void Corridor. One of those walls was the ancient seal, and the other wall was the seal formed from his own Space Principles.

While the wall behind him dissipated continuously, he only needed to retreat along the path of the dissipating wall and plug up the path behind him with his own sealing power. There would come a day when the power of the ancient seal completely dissipated, and at that moment, Yang Kai would simultaneously seal the Void Corridor’s entrance once more.

As the days passed, Yang Kai kept up the boring and repetitive actions of maintaining the seal. Every time the ancient seal dissipated, he took a step forward and the cycle continued. This situation went on for a long time, and it wasn’t until a certain moment that Yang Kai suddenly realised that something was different about the environment behind him.

A small ray of light had abruptly emerged in the originally dark Void Corridor. The light seemed to be blocked by something, so it could not enter the Void Corridor completely and was thus a little hazy. What’s more, Yang Kai could vaguely sense the aura of another world coming from where the light originated!

His expression couldn’t help brightening. He knew that he was probably nearing the other end of the Void Corridor. The light and the aura from the other world were the best evidence; therefore, he immediately cheered up and focused his mind in anticipation!

There was no saying what kind of situation lay on the other side of the Void Corridor. There were speculations that he might emerge on the Black Ink Battlefield, and it was time to learn if that was true. It was a lie to say that Yang Kai was not nervous. If it turned out to be the Black Ink Battlefield, then he would never be able to return to the 3,000 Worlds for the rest of his life.

His heart was filled with anxiety and a primal fear that stemmed from stepping into the unknown. Be that as it may, the movements of his hands never stopped as hand seals changed constantly, and Space Principles surged around him. With every step backward that he took, the sealing power continued to fill the Void Corridor. Meanwhile, the light became brighter and brighter while the aura from the new world became clearer and clearer.

At a certain moment, the power of the ancient seal disappeared without any warning. Yang Kai who was clinging close to the retreating ancient seal immediately slipped out of the Void Corridor and his Divine Sense swiftly spread out to monitor his surroundings.

This was a world filled with abundant vitality. There were towering trees soaring into the skies with trunks that spanned the width of several grown men in the surroundings. World Energy was incredibly rich and the World Principles were perfect. There were also bushes by the side, as well as a Spirit Fruit Tree growing vigorously nearby. Several bright red Spirit Fruits hung from the tree and released a tantalising aroma while looking deliciously sweet.

Yang Kai could not recognise the fruit, but even so, he could tell that it was of good quality at a glance. It was most likely very beneficial to Open Heaven Realm Masters.

[What is this place?] He frowned. The Black Ink Battlefield filled with Black Ink Strength that he had imagined was a place where the environment was harsh and violence was rampant, nothing like where he currently stood.

[Could it be that the Void Corridor does not connect to the Black Ink Battlefield!?] As soon as that idea entered his head, Yang Kai became overjoyed. [It’s fine as long as its not the Black Ink Battlefield! That means I can still find a way to home! If I entered the Black Ink Battlefield, then I would have lost all hope of ever returning!]

There was no time to pick the spirit fruit though as Yang Kai had higher priorities. He hurriedly began to seal the Void Corridor. The entrance was a potential danger, so he had to seal and conceal it as soon as possible to ensure the safety of Black Territory.

Fortunately, this was not difficult as he had been sealing the path behind him all this time, so he was already accustomed to these actions. The black-hole like entrance of the Void Corridor was thus quickly closed.

Just as it seemed like the entrance of the Void Corridor was about to disappear entirely, Yang Kai furrowed his brow. There was a powerful aura approaching swiftly from the edge of his perception. Judging by the energy fluctuations coming from that person, this newcomer was a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!

Yang Kai scowled and the movement of his hands sped up even more.

A short while later, the entrance to the Void Corridor finally became completely sealed and vanished from sight. Yang Kai had only just finished his task when the sound of something cutting through the air entered his ears. A figure landed lightly at a spot only a few dozen metres away from him and quietly observed him a moment later.

Turning to look in that direction, Yang Kai saw that the person who just arrived was a spirited old man. The old man’s figure was thin, and he was dressed in a loose robe. Just by looking at his external appearance, Yang Kai could not figure out his origins; however, he was probably from one of the Cave Heavens or Paradises since he was in the Seventh-Order.

The old man stared at Yang Kai, then glanced around the surroundings with a suspicious look.

Yang Kai’s heart sank. He knew that even though he finished sealing the Void Corridor in time, there were obvious fluctuations from the existence of the Void Corridor itself. The energy fluctuations must have been detected by this old man. It was just that the entrance had completely vanished out of sight at this moment, so the old man did not understand what had happened here.

In fact, Yang Kai had the feeling that the energy fluctuations coming from the Void Corridor were what attracted this old man here in the first place.