Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4923 – Dry Oil Lamp

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Lang Ya originally thought that he would obtain another victory. Who could have known that Nu Yan would have such a talented servant under him? Lang Ya even suspected that Nu Yan had set him up. Why else would Nu Yan have behaved so reluctantly earlier?

Just as Lang Ya was gritting his teeth in anger, the Black Ink Disciple beside him suddenly exclaimed softly, “Master, something isn’t right!”

Ignoring Nu Yan’s pestering, Lang Ya quickly looked down into the crater below. What entered his field of view made his heart sink.

There was indeed something wrong.

At first, the two Black Ink Disciples had been evenly matched and there was no telling who was having the upper hand; however, in such a short time, the Black Ink Disciple under his command had clearly fallen behind. The Black Ink Disciple no longer showed the same heroic bravery as before and was steadily being pushed back by his opponent. He was in a wretched state.

This scene made Lang Ya’s expression become even uglier. He had been extremely confident in the Black Ink Disciple from Bright King Cave Heaven under him; otherwise, he would not have ordered him to fight two consecutive battles. He originally wanted to take this opportunity to reap some benefits from Nu Yan, but how could he have anticipated such an outcome? At this rate, he would really end up trying to steal a chicken but losing his rice.

Another peal of smug laughter came from Nu Yan, which sounded extremely grating to Lang Ya’s ears. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The Black Ink Clansmen watching the battle cheered loudly, making Lang Ya become increasingly anxious. In the end, he couldn’t help roaring furiously, “Kill him! Otherwise, I will kill you myself!”

When the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master from Bright King Cave Heaven on the battlefield heard the command from his Master, he ferociously threw his fist at Yang Kai to open up some distance between them. His hands then moved swiftly to form a set of seals and cast a Secret Technique. Following the fluctuation of World Force around him, a dazzling giant illusory phantom enveloped his body. His entire being seemed to integrate with the illusory phantom, and his aura soared instantly.

Immovable Bright King Golden Body!

The cultivators from Bright King Cave Heaven focused on cultivating their physical bodies; hence, the Immovable Bright King Golden Body was their biggest trump card. If he unleashed this Secret Technique, then it meant that he was ready to fight with everything he had.

Yang Kai, who was now being pushed back, looked annoyed. With his current strength, it would not take much effort for him to defeat or even kill this Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator in front of him; however, he was currently stuck in the depths of Black Ink Clan’s territory, so he did not dare to expose too much and was consciously suppressing his true strength. After all, if he killed his opponent in two or three hits, he would surely draw attention to himself. In the worst case, he might even pique the interest of a Feudal Lord.

A Black Ink Feudal Lord was equivalent to a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Receiving the attention of such a Master was bound to cause unexpected complications to occur.

In contrast, the one he currently followed was no more than a High-Rank Black Ink Clansman, Nu Yan. Even if an unexpected incident occurred, Yang Kai could easily resolve the matter with his strength alone.

That was why he had pretended to be going all out, as though he aimed to die together with his opponent, while in truth he was greatly holding back.

Now that his opponent had suddenly activated his Immovable Bright King Golden Body though, the strength that Yang Kai displayed so far was not enough to match. As this thought swirled around in his head, Yang Kai sighed softly and immediately activated the power of his Dragon Vein.

There was no other choice. If he did not do this, he would have no explanation for what would happen next. His opponent’s strength had soared, so if he did not use some sort of trump card as well, then he would have no way to explain his increase in strength.

In front of everybody’s eyes, Yang Kai let out a furious howl. His expression was filled with savagery. Immediately after that, a series of crackling and popping sounds rang out and his figure swelled up.

Yang Kai did not dare to perform a complete Dragon Transformation as that would turn him into a 20,000 metres long Grand Dragon. If he were to do that, he would most certainly be exposed.

While carefully supressing his Dragon Vein, Yang Kai’s figure abruptly swelled until he was a dozen metres tall. His exposed skin was covered in a layer of dense Dragon Scales, a Dragon Horn protruded from his forehead, his hands turned into Dragon Claws, and a Dragon Tail swished back and forth behind his back. With both feet planted firmly on the ground, he stood there in a Half-Dragon Form while a faint Dragon Pressure permeated the air and a Dragon Roar reverberated throughout the gambling arena.

Outside the crater, Nu Yan widened his eyes in astonishment and stared at the changes in front of him in shock. B-2, C-3, and D-4 standing beside him were equally shocked. Then, D-4 suddenly exclaimed, “So that’s it!”

Nu Yan looked back, “What?”

D-4 quickly cupped his fist, “Master, it looks like E-5 is not a pureblood Human. He probably has some Dragon Clan blood in him!”

“A Dragon Clan bloodline!” Nu Yan raised his eyebrows at those words, “Isn’t that what you Humans call the leaders of the Divine Spirits?”

Even though he had participated in the war between the Black Ink Clan and the Humans countless times, the truth was that Nu Yan had never seen the Dragon Clan in person before. At most, he only heard of such a Race.

Nevertheless, he immediately became excited, “Doesn’t that mean he is amazing?”

D-4 shook his head and said, “Reporting to Master, E-5 may have some Dragon Clan blood running through his veins, but his bloodline is clearly not very pure. Judging by his appearance, he is what we call a ‘Dragonborn’. He is not part of the true Dragon Clan.” As if afraid that Nu Yan would not understand, he made an analogy, “If you compare the Black Ink Clan to the Dragon Clan, then the Dragonborn is similar to Black Ink Disciples. Although the Dragonborn have some of the Dragon Clan’s powers, they are far from the real thing.”

Nu Yan nodded without really understanding the explanation. In any case, he knew that the servant called E-5 was quite special.

D-4 continued, “The Dragon Clan is very powerful. They are known as the head of the Divine Spirits; hence, their physical bodies are extraordinarily powerful. E-5’s strong physique is probably related to the Dragon Vein in his body. It all makes sense now. He comes from Yin-Yang Cave Heaven after all, so how can his body be stronger than that of someone from Bright King Cave Heaven? It turns out he was a Dragonborn all along.”

Nu Yan laughed loudly. Turning to look at Lang Ya, he mocked the other party, “You have chosen the wrong opponent.”

Lang Ya coldly snorted, “It is uncertain who will win and who will lose. Don’t get carried away.”

Nu Yan snorted and said nothing more. Wasting time arguing with Lang Ya was meaningless. As long as his servant won the battle, he would be able to see Lang Ya’s angry and depressed face, which would make it all worth it.

On the battlefield inside the crater, the Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator, who cast his Immovable Bright King Golden Body, and Yang Kai, who was in his Half-Dragon Form, attacked and collided with each other again.

This time around, the battle was more ferocious and cruel compared to before.

Everybody knew that both parties had played their final cards and the outcome of the life-or-death battle was about to be decided, so all were excitedly paying attention.

The two gigantic figures collided with each other, but they did not separate from each other as they did before. On the contrary, they became entangled together. Activating the powers of their Small Universes, they constantly attacked each other indiscriminately. Both of them had completely abandoned any form of defence and focused solely on a fierce offensive. They were behaving as though they wanted to kill each other or die trying.

Yang Kai even used his Dragon Tail and Dragon Fangs to attack.

This battle was not flashy, but it was ferocious and brutal. Fresh blood splattered everywhere, and the two figures rolled about in a tangle of limbs. When they slammed into the light barrier, the impact even made an indentation in it. Although the light barrier recovered quickly, the horrifying power behind their collision could be seen.

After some time, the light of the Immovable Bright King Golden Body gradually became dim; likewise, Yang Kai was drenched in blood and he looked as though he was in a precarious state.

Be it Lang Ya or Nu Yan, their expressions became solemn. Nobody had expected this battle to end up in this situation. It was impossible to tell who would win in the end; however, it had to be said that this was a satisfying battle to watch. That much was obvious just by looking at the exhilarated expressions of the Black Ink Clan in the audience.

*Hong…*

A loud explosion erupted. The two figures that had been tangled together since they pulled out their final trump cards finally separated, dropped out of the sky, and crashed to the ground.

The Immovable Bright King Golden Body had been shattered completely and the Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator lay motionless on the ground. It was unknown whether he was still alive.

The corners of D-4’s mouth twitched slightly. Although he came from Nine Stars Paradise, he was aware that a Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator’s Golden Body was extremely powerful. It was unbelievable to think that it had been forcibly broken with brute force. If Bright King Cave Heaven learned about this situation, they would certainly feel ashamed.

Yang Kai’s Dragon Transformation slowly disappeared, and he returned to his Human Form. Similarly, he lay on the ground without moving.

[Did the both of them die?] The Black Ink Clan watched with eyes widened in surprise. If that was the outcome of the battle, then it would be quite interesting in and of itself. They did not care for the life or death of the Black Ink Disciples, so it would be a worthwhile trip here if they could witness such an exhilarating battle.

However, there were no signs of any Small Universes collapsing. In other words, both parties were still alive. It was just that the battle had been too intense, so they were completely exhausted.

Lang Ya’s furious roar rang out, “Stand up and kill him!”

[Victory or defeat is only one step away, how can I fall short now!?]

Seeming to hear his master’s command, the fingers of the Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator twitched in response; then, he struggled to his feet and staggered towards Yang Kai.

Nu Yan felt as though his heart was in his throat. Although he sent E-5 into battle because he originally planned to abandon him, this battle had completely exceeded his expectations. Based on the strength E-5 displayed so far, it was clear that he was much stronger than A-1. Nu Yan was reluctant to throw aside a servant like that, but there was nothing he could do at this moment. Masters were not allowed to interfere in the fights between their Black Ink Disciples. Those were the rules.

Seeing that the opponent was going to reach E-5, Nu Yan yelled anxiously, “Get up! Get up!”

Yang Kai remained motionless.

D-4 sighed sorrowfully, [In the end, he still lost.]

In this place, defeat meant death as the opponent would not be merciful.

In front of everybody’s eyes, the Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator staggered over to Yang Kai and stood before him. It was at that moment that Yang Kai, who had been lying there without moving, abruptly leaped to his feet and kicked his opponent in the chest. His opponent stumbled and fell to the ground. Then, he lunged forward, sat on his opponent, and threw a frenzy of punches.

Nu Yan had been so nervous that his heart was about to jump out of his chest, so when he saw this sight, he couldn’t help laughing out loud.

On the other hand, Lang Ya was flabbergasted. He never imagined such a turn of events would occur.

*Peng peng peng…*

Yang Kai’s fist smashed down, causing the Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator to become bruised and bloody under his punches. Be that as it may, everyone could tell that he barely had any strength left even though he was attacking fiercely. His punches seemed almost weak and flimsy.

At the beginning, the Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator struggled to fight back; nevertheless, he quickly lost the strength to resist and just lay there to be slaughtered. He was also a dry oil lamp at this point.

A short while later, Yang Kai stopped and struggled to his feet. Immediately after that, he did something completely unexpected. He grabbed the Bright King Cave Heaven cultivator by one of the legs and staggered towards Nu Yan.

The cheers had died down. All the Black Ink Clan and the Black Ink Disciples were staring at Yang Kai in confusion. Having reached this point, the winner of this battle was obvious; even so, the conclusion of the battle never came. In a place like this, one party had to die in order for a deathmatch to be considered over.

Although Yang Kai had won the battle, his opponent was still alive. The audience understood. It was not that he didn’t want to kill his opponent. He simply no longer had the strength to do so!