Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4926 – Black Ink Nest

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Before the third match began, the Black Ink Clansmen began to quarrel among themselves. They had watched the previous two consecutive battles. Most notably, Yang Kai had been injured during the second match so his strength would surely have been greatly reduced.

In the eyes of the Black Ink Clan, it was impossible for him to win the third match. This match was going to be a huge opportunity, so nobody was willing to back down.

Although Nu Yan appeared to be watching cheerfully, he was actually feeling nervous inside. It was true that Yang Kai had given him the signal that he could continue fighting and it was also true that Yang Kai had demonstrated incredible combat prowess. Even so, he was not confident as to whether Yang Kai could win the third battle. If Yang Kai were to lose, then he would have shot himself in the foot with his actions.

At any rate, now that things had reached this point, his only option was to persevere. This was a matter concerning 1,000 Black Ink Coins after all. If this method was feasible, then he would never need to worry about Black Ink Coins again in the future.

The Black Ink Clansmen quarrelled endlessly among themselves. In the end, they decided to follow the original rules and allowed Yang Kai to pick his own opponent. The opponent would be fighting whomever he chose, and nobody could object to his decision.

When the third battle began, everybody paid close attention to the fight, with Nu Yan looking the most nervous out of them all.

The situation on the battlefield changed rapidly. The two Black Ink Disciples exchanged countless blows with each other, and the battle was astoundingly intense. Yang Kai once again transformed into his Half-Dragon Form. His performance made it seem as though he had played all his cards, but the fight left him drenched in blood nevertheless. He looked like he was at risk of dying at any moment.

Nu Yan felt his heart sinking in his chest. He was starting to think that he was going to lose the battle. On the other hand, the opponent’s side was in high spirits because he could almost see the scene where he obtained a new and powerful Black Ink Disciple.

However, accidents always occurred when they were least expected. The opponent had clearly been holding the upper hand in the battle, but he experienced a sudden turn of events. In spite of the fact that Yang Kai had been fighting for three consecutive battles and looked like a wretched mess as a result, his attacks only became increasingly aggressive the further he was pushed into a corner.

When the opponent fell out of the sky and crashed into the ground unconscious, the entire gambling arena fell silent. Yang Kai also fell out of the sky at the same time, but he managed to stay on his feet at the last moment. His complexion was as white as a sheet.

“We won!” D-4 shouted from beside Nu Yan. Nu Yan also burst into cheerful laughter, his tense mood finally relaxing.

The other party handed over a Space Ring. Nu Yan took the Space Ring and checked the amount. After confirming that there were indeed 1,000 Black Ink Coins, he smiled and said, “My respects!”

The Black Ink Clansman’s expression was indifferent. The loss of 1,000 Black Ink Coins might hurt slightly, but the damage was not significant. He nodded lightly in response, “Are you interested in another match?”

Nu Yan immediately shook his head. While he regarded Yang Kai as a cash cow, he was not a fool. Yang Kai was no longer in a state to continue fighting. If he fought another battle, he would definitely lose. How could Nu Yan agree to such a proposal?

The Black Ink Clansman added, “2,000 Black Ink Coins.” Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Nu Yan continued to shake his head, “Even if you offer me 5,000 Black Ink Coins, I won’t accept the challenge!” Nevertheless, he did not cut off the possibility for future negotiations and reassured the other party with a smile, “Until next time. There will certainly be chances to have a rematch in the future.” Having said that, he turned around and instructed D-4, “Bring him back.”

D-4 accepted the command and flew towards the crater to bring Yang Kai back.

Nu Yan did not stop there. Leading his Black Ink Disciples, he returned to the place where they rested previously and handed some resources to Yang Kai for cultivation and recovery so that his wounds could heal.

Yang Kai had earned Nu Yan a total of 1,600 Black Ink Coins from the three battles earlier. The amount might not be much, but this was not a one-time gig. What was there to fear about the lack of Black Ink Coins if he repeated this cycle a few more times? Looking at Yang Kai, who was meditating in a cross-legged position nearby, Nu Yan felt as though he could see a method to earn a fortune.

A few days later, Nu Yan led Yang Kai and others to the gambling arena again. Armed with the previous experience, he showed significantly more confidence in Yang Kai this time.

Yang Kai had shown off his great strength after winning three consecutive battles a few days ago, so the Black Ink Clan and the Black Ink Disciples knew that he was not an easy opponent to mess with. Be that as it may, most people believed that they might get lucky and had thoughts such as “What if I strike gold?”

In any case, the losses were not too high even if they didn’t win the match. That was why, as soon as Yang Kai entered the battlefield, several Black Ink Disciples immediately flew into the crater under the command of their Masters.

Nu Yan’s rules did not change. All three matches were life bouts, and the bet increased with every round. The first match was 100 Black Ink Coins, the second match was 500 Black Ink Coins, and the third match was 1,000 Black Ink Coins. The number of Black Ink Disciples in the battlefield increased with every round, and Yang Kai would randomly choose an opponent each time.

The three battles eventually ended with three consecutive wins! Just like before, Nu Yan earned 1,600 Black Ink Coins. He was overjoyed!

For the next month, Nu Yan would lead Yang Kai to the gambling arena every few days. It was the same experience every time. Yang Kai never disappointed him. This Black Ink Disciple was definitely his greatest treasure that would bring him enormous wealth in the future. Nu Yan secretly rejoiced that he had accidentally picked up this servant while resting inside the Black Ink Cloud back then.

In just one month, Yang Kai became famous throughout the Fierce Wind Estate! Be it the High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen or the Black Ink Clan Feudal Lords, all of them were paying close attention to him now. They had never seen anyone who could defeat so many Black Ink Disciples before.

Most of the Black Ink Clansmen here had participated on the real battlefield in the past. To survive and return from the battlefield meant that they had battled and slaughtered Human cultivators. It had to be said that the situation would be very terrifying if all the Human cultivators were like Yang Kai.

Even Black Ink Clan Feudal Lords took the initiative to meet Nu Yan and made their intentions to purchase Yang Kai clear. The price they offered was very sincere. Generally speaking, a Black Ink Disciple in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm would be worth 10,000 or so Black Ink Coins. Nonetheless, many of the Black Ink Feudal Lords offered a price of 20,000 or even 30,000 Black Ink Coins.

Although Nu Yan was tempted, he refused all their offers in the end. A one-time sale could never be as beneficial as long-term financial stability. He had far more plans to implement, so how could he sell Yang Kai off?

However, on a certain day one month later, nobody stepped up to accept the challenge when Nu Yan brought Yang Kai to the gambling arena. After so many battles, Yang Kai had not lost a single one. He would fight three consecutive battles each time, and he would look as though he was on the verge of losing every time. Be that as it may, he would always win in the end.

The Black Ink Clan had also noticed this issue and began to suspect that Nu Yan was digging a pit for them to jump into; therefore, they all cursed Nu Yan for being insidious and cunning. Since it was a battle they could not win, who would willingly give money away for nothing?

There was nothing Nu Yan could do if nobody accepted the challenge. After waiting for some time, he summoned Yang Kai back and left the gambling arena with his subordinates.

His efforts during this period had indeed allowed him to gain enormous benefits. At the beginning, Nu Yan did not have many assets, but now, he had enough for him to carry out something important.

Silently following behind Nu Yan, Yang Kai vaguely noticed that they seemed to be heading towards the Black Ink Nest. He had secretly observed the Black Ink Nest on many occasions during the time he lived in Fierce Wind Estate.

D-4 had mentioned that it was the place where all Black Ink Clansmen were born. The Black Ink Nest was not only an important foundation of the Black Ink Clan, but the advancement of a Black Ink Clansmen’s cultivation must also be done inside a Black Ink Nest.

Entering a Black Ink Nest cost Black Ink Coins. Even purchasing World Spheres required Black Ink Coins. That was why the Black Ink Coins were considered so valuable.

Yang Kai was very concerned about this Black Ink Nest. Unfortunately, he had not had the opportunity to approach it previously and could only watch from afar. It could be said that he finally obtained what he wished for.

The group soon arrived in front of the Black Ink Nest under Nu Yan’s guidance.

From a distance, the Black Ink Nest resembled a huge flower bud. Rich Black Ink Strength tumbled about and dissipated into the surroundings with every breath it took.

Standing in front of the Black Ink Nest, Yang Kai finally realised how large it was.

The thick roots were closely connected to the entire Fierce Wind Estate, and its existence was like a plant, but not a plant. The external surface looked like dried meat, which gave off an extremely malevolent aura. Meanwhile, the thick roots themselves were natural pathways leading upward to a portal at the bottom of the flower bud. A Black Ink Feudal Lord was standing guard beside the portal.

Nu Yan stepped forward and bowed respectfully to the Black Ink Feudal Lord. Then, he handed over a Space Ring filled with a certain amount of Black Ink Coins.

The Black Ink Feudal Lord checked the contents carefully before he nodded lightly.

Nu Yan turned around, looked at his Black Ink Disciples for a moment, and reached out to point at C-3 and D-4, “You two, follow me inside.”

C-3 and D-4 responded in unison and followed Nu Yan inside. Before leaving, D-4 cupped his fist at Yang Kai, “Take care!”

Yang Kai furrowed his brow slightly. Although he looked confused, he returned the courtesy.

It didn’t take long for Nu Yan to lead C-3 and D-4 out of Yang Kai’s sight. Yang Kai, B-2, and E-5 moved to the side and waited quietly.

A Black Ink Clansman would lead their Black Ink Disciples over from time to time. What’s more, each Black Ink Clansman would take one or two Black Ink Disciples inside the Black Ink Nest with them, just like Nu Yan.

Looking at this scene gave Yang Kai a vague guess about what was happening, but he could not be certain. After enduring for some time, he finally blurted out, “Is Master planning to break through?”

Nu Yan had spent a lot of Black Ink Coins to enter the Black Ink Nest, so it was obvious that he was here for an advancement.

It was obvious that Yang Kai was highly valued by Nu Yan, so the other Black Ink Disciples had been quite friendly with him recently. Upon hearing the question, B-2 nodded in response, “That’s right. This is the second time.”

Yang Kai was stunned, “Can a Black Ink Clansman fail in his advancement?”

B-2 replied, “Of course there’s a possibility of failure. If success was guaranteed for every attempt, then Master would already be a Black Ink Feudal Lord by now. It’s just that the consequences they face if they fail in their breakthrough are not particularly serious. They are very different from us. For us, the higher our Order, the more severe the consequences we suffer if we fail a breakthrough attempt. We might even end up dead. In contrast, they will only weaken for some time at most. It’s only a matter of time before they make a full recovery.”

Yang Kai gnashed his teeth. Nu Yan was a High-Rank Black Ink Clansman who was equal to a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master in terms of strength. If he succeeded in his advancement, then he would become a Black Ink Feudal Lord.

Yang Kai was not afraid of a mere Black Ink Feudal Lord, but the stronger Nu Yan became, the more disadvantageous it was for him. Naturally, he hoped that Nu Yan failed in the advancement.

“Why did Master take C-3 and D-4 inside with him?” Yang Kai asked in confusion.

Logically speaking, the advancement was an extremely important process to both Human cultivators and the Black Ink Clan. They would need to concentrate fully, so why would Nu Yan take two Black Ink Disciples inside with him? Was it for standing guard? But, there should not be dangers inside the Black Ink Nest.

B-2 fell silent for a moment before he explained, “Just as how we need to accumulate our strength to advance, the same goes for Master. He brought them along in case of emergency.”

Yang Kai’s facial muscles tightened instantly.

B-2’s explanation might not have been explicit, but how could Yang Kai fail to understand the meaning behind those words? It was obvious that C-3 and D-4 were being regarded as emergency resources. In a pinch, Nu Yan could devour their World Force to aid in his advancement.