Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4928 – A Ninth-Order Attacks

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the end, Yang Kai lived up to Nu Yan’s expectations and won the third battle with some difficulty. Before Nu Yan could receive the bet of the third match though, a sudden change occurred.

An extremely violent force surged throughout the territory, and an oppressive force simultaneously descended upon everybody. For an instant, everyone felt as though an entire Universe World was pressing down on their heads. Even their bodies involuntarily stooped slightly from the pressure.

Countless Black Ink Clansmen turned pale; meanwhile, World Force surged and fluctuated turbulently around them.

Inside the gambling arena, the blood-drenched Yang Kai abruptly raised his head to look at the sky. What entered his vision made his expression tense. In the sky, World Force that gathered like clouds was so dense that it could be seen with the naked eye.

Yang Kai was shocked by the sight. Although he had met many High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters in the past, he had never seen such rich and pure World Force before.

Back in Black Territory, Yang Kai had been present when countless Eighth-Order Ancestors joined hands to besiege the Black Ink Royal Lord and the attacks of those Eighth-Order Masters had been absolutely extraordinary. Even so, all those attacks seemed insignificant compared to what he was seeing right now.

He did not know what was happening, but the World Force visible to the naked eye was clearly the power unleashed by some sort of Secret Technique activated by a Master.

“Enemy attack!” A furious howl reverberated through the world. It came from the direction of the Black Ink Feudal Lord’s Palace.

Yang Kai was stunned for a moment, then he felt a mixture of astonishment and joy. The situation in front of him turned out to be an enemy invasion, and the Black Ink Clan’s enemy was undoubtedly the Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises. In other words, the Cave Heavens and Paradises had launched an attack on this place!

He was surprised that the Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises were so bold. It had to be said that he had checked the Universe Chart when he first arrived here. Although this place was close to the front lines, it could still be considered part of the Black Ink Clan’s inner region. How could they do as they pleased after venturing so deep into enemy territory?

On the other hand, Yang Kai was happy because the Cave Heavens and Paradises had taken the initiative to attack before he had the chance to follow Nu Yan to the battlefield. Taking advantage of this chance, he might be able to break free of Nu Yan’s control and follow the Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises back to the great pass.

The wind and cloud gathered in the sky above the territory at a rapid rate, and it only took a moment for an enormous and hazy green palm to form. Despite its slow and clumsy appearance, the palm that literally covered the entire sky actually descended at an incredibly fast pace.

Before the countless Black Ink Clansmen in the territory had the chance to react, the palm grabbed hold of the huge Black Ink Nest. Then, the green palm clenched tightly and hauled up the entire Black Ink Nest as though pulling up a mountain. Dense Black Ink Strength scattered and gushed out of the Black Ink Nest. Under the impact of the World Force palm, the Black Ink Nest turned into dust.

Inside the gambling arena, Yang Kai stared in amazement and secretly rejoiced. Everything that entered his vision was beyond his imagination. He had witnessed the power behind an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Ancestor’s attacks before, but that was definitely not as ferocious as this offensive. In other words, this attack had to be unleashed by a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Old Ancestor!

No wonder they dared to venture so deep into enemy territory! It turned out that a Ninth-Order Old Ancestor, an existence on par with a Black Ink Royal Lord, was personally leading the charge!

The female Black Ink Royal Lord had caused heavy losses to the Cave Heavens and Paradises despite being greatly weakened after being trapped inside the Black Ink Territory for so many years. It was difficult to imagine how powerful she would have been in her prime. Needless to say, a Ninth-Order Old Ancestor who could rival a Black Ink Royal Lord in strength would not be weak either.

Unfortunately, Yang Kai’s delight only lasted for a moment as his expression soon turned bitter. That was because the hazy green palm immediately slammed downward after destroying the Black Ink Nest. The incomparably enormous palm was almost the size of half the Spirit Province. Moreover, the entire palm was formed from a pure and dense World Force. If such immense force even grazed him, Yang Kai was not certain that he could survive. It would be too unjust to die because of this palm strike.

Fortunately, the Black Ink Clan did not sit around waiting for death. After the warning came out from the Feudal Lord’s Palace, Black Ink Strength immediately surged and gathered to form an incomparably huge figure that towered into the sky. The figure then raised a hand into the sky to defend against the attack. It was not a real entity, but rather a presence formed completely from the surrounding Black Ink Strength. Moreover, it was clearly being guided by the Black Ink Feudal Lord of this territory. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Watching the destruction of the Black Ink Nest had enraged countless among the Black Ink Clan, so there was no need for any command or dispatch. Regardless of their rank, every member of the Black Ink Clan quickly took action, blasting violent attacks at the hazy green palm in the sky. Furthermore, the Black Ink Disciples also unleashed various Secret Techniques and artifact attacks. Colourful lights filled the entire sky in an instant.

Nevertheless, the enormous palm continued to press downward. The countless attacks slammed into the palm, causing layers of ripples to appear on its surface, but although these attacks constantly weakened its power, they were unable to stop the palm’s downward progress.

The huge figure at the Feudal Lord’s Palace was the first to bear the brunt of the attack. Despite fighting back with all his might, he was only a Black Ink Feudal Lord whose strength was equivalent to a Seventh-Order Master’s. How could he contend against the power of a Ninth-Order Old Ancestor?

Before the palm strike descended completely, the enormous figure had already bent slightly under the pressure. The Feudal Lord struggled desperately and roared in defiance, but his avatar composed of Black Ink Strength soon exploded into nothingness. Even his true body was heavily injured as a result.

It felt like only a moment had passed. At the same time, it also felt like a thousand years had gone by. The huge palm slammed down. Be it the Black Ink Clansmen or the Black Ink Disciples, many of them died a violent death everywhere the palm print covered. Only a few were lucky enough to survive. Countless Small Universes collapsed and the World Force within these Small Universes dissipated.

Following a violent earthquake, the entire Spirit Province broke into pieces. The destructive aftermath spread out into the surroundings after the attack, causing space itself to shake and become unstable.

The Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen didn’t even have the opportunity to resist and were wiped out by the fallout of this attack. Only the High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen with strength equivalent to Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters managed to withstand the shockwave. As such, the brutality of the palm strike was clear to see.

Everything happened in a flash. Only a few thoughts went through Yang Kai’s mind before the aftermath of the attack came crashing down on him. Nevertheless, he could be considered lucky. In fact, it could be said that all the people in the gambling arena were lucky because they were not located within the range covered by the hazy green palm. All of them would have died in the impact otherwise. Even Yang Kai himself would have needed to transform into his Grand Dragon Form to survive such a powerful attack. What’s more, doing so would only allow him the possibility of survival.

Despite not receiving direct damage, the fallout of the palm strike had turned the entire gambling arena upside down. Numerous Black Ink Disciples coughed up fresh blood and even the aura of the Black Ink Clansmen churned fiercely. They were obviously having a tough time.

The Spirit Province under Yang Kai’s feet shattered, and like a drowning man caught in the tumultuous currents of the sea, he was swept away by the shockwaves and could not control his direction at all.

Startled exclamations and horrified screams entered his ears. When he turned to look in that direction, he saw an extremely pale D-4 bleeding from all seven orifices and struggling to hold on. Furthermore, there was a gleaming white light surrounding D-4’s body. It would seem that he had activated some sort of defensive artifact.

On the other hand, the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Black Ink Disciple next to D-4 had reacted slightly slower and failed to summon his own defensive artifact as a result. Due to the churning of his aura, he was unable to withstand the bombardment of the shockwave and exploded after a short struggle.

The light covering D-4’s body was also fading away at a horrifying speed; hence, his expression became despairing. With the strength of a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, it was impossible for him to survive the impact without the defensive artifact. Just as he was about to give up and accept his fate, a figure suddenly rushed over and stood in front of him to help block most of the impact. He looked up gratefully, “A-1!”

He never imagined that A-1 would come and protect him at a critical juncture of life and death. It had to be said that he was standing next to Nu Yan, B-2, and E-5 earlier. All of them had used various means to save themselves, but nobody even bothered to care about whether he lived or died.

“Let’s go!” Yang Kai grabbed D-4 by the shoulder. At this moment, he could not afford to care about what secrets he was exposing. Manipulating Space Principles, Yang Kai quickly moved away. The shockwave continued to follow closely behind him as he flew out.

After a few Instantaneous Movements, Yang Kai finally stabilised his figure and turned to look behind him. A huge light shone brightly approximately 100,000 kilometres away. The place where the Spirit Province used to exist was now completely devoid of anything.

The might of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Old Ancestor was absolutely terrifying. The truth was that Yang Kai had not even seen the true appearance of the Old Ancestor up until now. In other words, the Ninth-Order Master had destroyed the entire Spirit Province simply by unleashing a Secret Technique from somewhere far away. Countless Black Ink Clansmen and Black Ink Disciples also perished in the process.

D-4 was a little stunned. After being brought here by Yang Kai’s Space Secret Technique, he could be considered safe now. It was just that he could not understand how A-1 could run so fast. In fact, he had almost thought that he was doomed to die during those fleeting moments earlier. Nevertheless, now was clearly not the time to pursue this matter. D-4 gasped for breath slightly before he anxiously said, “We need to hurry and find Master. It’s not safe for us out here right now.”

It was not safe for any Black Ink Disciple without the company of a Black Ink Clansman. Take the first time Yang Kai encountered Nu Yan for example. A Black Ink Disciple without a Master would easily attract the greed of a Black Ink Clansman. Nu Yan could be considered relatively kind, having only used his Black Ink Strength to convert Yang Kai into his own servant. If Yang Kai had encountered a Black Ink Clansman with stronger murderous intent, then they might have tried to devour his World Force to enhance their own strength instead.

More importantly, the Black Ink Disciples themselves were absolutely loyal to the Black Ink Clan. It was clear to see that D-4 was worrying about Nu Yan’s safety.

Yang Kai turned to look at D-4 and thought to himself, [Why should I search for ‘Master’? I’ve never regarded Nu Yan as my Master. What’s more, I finally obtained this opportunity after waiting for two whole years. Why would I stupidly go back to Nu Yan?]

Too lazy to explain, he simply said, “Brother D-4, I’ll deliver you a huge present!”

D-4 was stunned, “What?”

Yang Kai raised both hands as soon as finished speaking, each hand lighting up with a different coloured light. Then, he pressed both palms together. When the yellow and blue lights combined, they turned into a pure white light that immediately enveloped D-4 on the spot!

D-4 never imagined that Yang Kai would attack him at this moment, mainly because it was Yang Kai who had saved him just now. If Yang Kai had malicious intentions towards him, there was no reason to rescue him in the first place. Who would be wary of their saviour?

Enveloped by the white light, D-4’s expression suddenly twisted in pain and pitch-black aura seeped out of his body. Swiftly though, his pained expression gradually became calm. It didn’t take long before the white light faded away and his true nature was restored to him. He opened his eyes and stared at Yang Kai in disbelief and uncertainty.

“Enter my Small Universe before we talk about the rest.” Yang Kai shouted.

He had wanted to bring D-4 into his Small Universe a long time ago, but could not find the opportunity. Now that he finally had the chance to be alone with D-4, he could not let the opportunity slip by.

D-4 opened his mouth and said, “Brother A-1, you…”

He was still in a dazed state. The main reason was that so many things had changed so suddenly that he could not adapt to them all.