Chapter 4933 – Unexpected Situation

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The woman’s life was in danger!

Yang Kai suddenly couldn’t bear watching without doing anything any longer. Even if his identity would be revealed, even if his future would be fraught with danger, he believed that he had to make his move now; otherwise, he was bound to regret his decision for the rest of his life.

Over the past two years, he had disguised himself as a Black Ink Disciple and carefully mingled among the Black Ink Clan because he did not dare to reveal his identity easily. Being faithful to Nu Yan’s orders and allowing himself to be regarded as a cash cow by fighting endless battles in the gambling arenas of various major territories were simply his methods of survival.

He had not lifted a finger to help when the woman had been fighting on her own because she had always remained in control of the situation; however, she was now only one step away from death. Yang Kai could not watch her die here without doing anything.

With his current strength, there was a high chance that he would die as well if he revealed his identity. The Black Ink Territory Lord was not easy to deal with after all, but throughout his life, Yang Kai had to admit that although he was not indomitable, he had a bottom line that could not be crossed. It was now the time where he had to take action!

Inside the Sealed World, Meng Qi from Exquisite Paradise had chosen to commit suicide in order to protect the secret of the Void Corridor. As a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, when did he ever show the slightest hint of hesitation in his actions?

The people who fought and risked their lives every single day on the Black Ink Battlefield to fight the Black Ink Clan for countless years did so all to protect the 3,000 Worlds, all while the latter knew nothing of their sacrifice. How could he do any less at this moment?

However, Yang Kai suddenly froze in place. That was because he noticed that the Territory Lord who captured the woman was simply staring at her quietly. There was no murderous intent in those eyes. On the contrary, they were filled with a trace of admiration.

Yang Kai suddenly realised something. The Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises might not die if they were captured by the Black Ink Clan. Rather, what awaited them was another fate!

Sure enough, the Black Ink Territory Lord did not kill the woman immediately and instead sneered lightly, “You’ve got guts. In that case, become my slave forever!”

When the words left his mouth, Black Ink Strength dense enough to take shape seeped out of his hands. The Black Ink Strength instantly enveloped the woman and began sinking into her body.

The woman struggled desperately, but her efforts were to no avail. Combined with the fact that she had exhausted all her strength in the battle just now, she was completely powerless to resist the corrosion of the Black Ink Strength. A short while later, she became quiet as her eyes filled with Black Ink Strength.

Yang Kai watched quietly, feeling sad in his heart. It was hard to believe that such a Master had been corrupted by Black Ink Strength. Be that as it may, compared to death on the spot, this outcome could be considered acceptable as he might be able to find an opportunity to rescue her.

The Black Ink Territory Lord was clearly extremely satisfied with his newly-subordinated servant. A Black Ink Disciple in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm was very rare, so they were considered precious even among the Black Ink Clan. He studied her for a moment before he said, “Follow me once you recover.” Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

“Yes!” The woman with dishevelled hair bowed respectfully.

After that, the Territory Lord did not say anything else. Pitch-black darkness covered his enormous figure, and he charged forward quickly. It was obvious that he planned to pursue the Human Masters who had retreated earlier.

Meanwhile, the Black Ink Clansmen and Black Ink Disciples left behind glared at the woman. The situation was extremely awkward, but there was no helping it. They had been fighting each other as though there was an absolutely irreconcilable enmity between them only for her to suddenly become one of their own in the blink of an eye. The shift in her position was rather abrupt. Even so, there was no denying that the woman in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm was now a Black Ink Disciple after being corrupted by the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Strength.

Under normal circumstances, it was easy for such a powerful Black Ink Disciple who was acting alone without being accompanied by their Master to attract the greed of Black Ink Clansmen; however, everybody had just witnessed the Territory Lord corrupting this woman with his Black Ink Strength. Who would dare to steal her away after that? They would not face any consequences if they stole her now, but the Territory Lord was bound to hold them accountable for their actions later. If that were to happen, they would lose all the Black Ink Disciples under their command and possibly even their life.

“Why did you run off!? Do you want to die!?” Nu Yan reprimanded Yang Kai.

In order to rescue the woman earlier, Yang Kai had increased his speed slightly and left his ‘Master’ behind. It was fortunate that he had reacted in time and held back from attacking the Territory Lord; otherwise, the person being hunted at this moment would have been him.

Hence, he lowered his head silently in response.

Thankfully, Nu Yan only reprimanded Yang Kai once and did not seem to have any other intentions.

In that way, the vigorous pursuit finally ended. The three surviving Black Ink Clan Feudal Lords gathered together for a quick discussion, then one of them said, “A few will stay behind to guard this place and prevent any misunderstandings from occurring. The rest will come with me to pursue the enemy!”

The woman in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm had been converted by a Territory Lord, but she was a dry oil lamp at the moment and needed time to recover her strength. The Territory Lord had also commanded her to recuperate before catching up to him.

Be that as it may, it was inappropriate to leave her here alone. If any other Black Ink Clan Masters passed by this place and mistakenly killed her thinking that she was an enemy, they would not be able to give the Territory Lord a reasonable explanation; therefore, a few people had to stay behind to help her stand guard and explain the circumstances to any passing clansmen.

Ordinary Black Ink Disciples would never receive such special treatment, but they had just witnessed this woman’s strength with their own eyes. More importantly, she was personally corrupted by a Territory Lord. As the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Disciple, it was only natural for her to receive special treatment.

After the Feudal Lord finished speaking, his gaze swept across the crowd in front of him.

Nu Yan ‘dutifully’ stepped forward at the right moment and volunteered, “Sir, I’m willing to stay behind!”

Yang Kai glanced sideways at Nu Yan. During the two years serving under him, Yang Kai had not realised that Nu Yan was extremely scared of death. It was not until this battle against the Human Masters that Nu Yan’s cowardice was revealed.

In addition, Yang Kai had noticed something earlier. Although Nu Yan had no special abilities to speak of, his ability to sense danger and escape it were definitely first-class. In other words, his ability to survive in the Black Ink Battlefield up until today was not without reason.

Hearing that somebody was required to stay behind, how could Nu Yan fail to seize this opportunity? He quickly volunteered before anybody else could even react. It was not a major issue that needed to be negotiated, and since he took the initiative to volunteer, the other Black Ink Clansmen would naturally have no reason to compete with him.

The Feudal Lord who spoke earlier nodded and responded, “In that case, you will stay behind. The rest will come with me!”

After saying that, he took the lead to charge forward in pursuit. The others quickly followed behind him and it didn’t take long before only Nu Yan, Yang Kai, and the other Black Ink Disciples remained.

“Let’s take a rest. I’m sure you’re all tired from the battle earlier. It’s good that none of us died!” While speaking, Nu Yan turned to look in the woman’s direction with a thankful expression.

Several Black Ink Feudal Lords and countless High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen had died at the hands of this woman; therefore, Nu Yan was very lucky to have survived. What made him rejoice even more was that all the Black Ink Disciples under his command had also survived the battle.

They sat down cross-legged and consumed some Spirit Pills for recovery.

On the other side, the woman in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm had been quietly recovering her strength ever since the departure of the Territory Lord.

From time to time, Black Ink Clansmen of varying numbers would rush over from behind. When they stumbled upon this place, they couldn’t help feeling curious and came forward to ask about the situation.

Naturally, Nu Yan answered their questions truthfully. After hearing that the dishevelled woman recovering her strength was a Black Ink Disciple converted by a Territory Lord, they immediately gave up any ideas about her and left quickly.

After just half a day’s time, the woman opened her eyes under Yang Kai’s close watch. Her originally ashen complexion had already returned to normal. She casually tied up her hair and slowly got to her feet, then she walked over to Yang Kai and the others. The crimson patches that blossomed all over her white robes were extremely striking.

Nu Yan had also gotten to his feet after he noticed her movements, but his smile was rather forced, “Have you recovered your strength?”

He fervently wished that the woman would take as much time as possible to recover. In that way, he would no longer need to chase after the Human Masters or take any risks that could endanger his life.

Still, he was part of the Black Ink Clan, so even if his strength was much weaker than the Black Ink Disciple in front of him, a Black Ink Disciple was nothing more than a servant in the eyes of the Black Ink Clan, regardless of their cultivation. Of course, this woman was a servant converted by a Territory Lord, so Nu Yan had to show her a certain degree of respect. Even his inquiring tone was rather polite.

The woman said nothing and simply stared at Nu Yan silently. In the next moment, she stretched out her arm and a longsword immediately appeared in her grip as a shocking light burst forth. The world seemed to lose all its colours at that moment.

Nu Yan’s forced smile remained on his face, but his eyes were flooded with a sense of horror and fear. Raising his hand slightly, he pointed at the woman, “You…”

The words had only just left his mouth when his enormous body suddenly split into two halves. Pitch-black blood and Black Ink Strength exploded to form a Black Ink Cloud.

Yang Kai and the others standing nearby were completely stunned. Nobody could have predicted this sudden turn of events. Black Ink Disciples were the servants of the Black Ink Clan after all. No matter how high their cultivation, it was impossible for them to have thoughts of betraying a Black Ink Clan. That was why Nu Yan had been completely caught off-guard when this woman walked over to them. Needless to say, with the gap in their strength, there was nothing he could have done to stop her even if he had been on guard.

In any case, this situation was totally unexpected. The woman who had just recovered her strength had killed Nu Yan with a single stroke of her sword!

Yang Kai had been praying for Nu Yan to die as soon as possible so that he could escape, but he never imagined that Nu Yan would perish just like that. If he had to be honest, he was feeling rather confused.

Before he had time to think though, the aura of death suddenly loomed over him. The woman had not stopped after killing Nu Yan and swiftly slashed her sword down on him. Turning pale with shock, Yang Kai immediately summoned the Azure Dragon Spear and thrust forward without any hesitation.

There was a loud explosion, followed by an overwhelming force that erupted from before him. Yang Kai felt as though an entire Universe World had smashed into him, and his figure was sent flying backward. A metallic taste flooded his mouth, and the vitality in his chest surged violently.

This was the second time he had suffered defeat at the hands of this woman, but a vague speculation formed in his mind at that moment.

The woman looked slightly surprised. Yang Kai had escaped from her deathblow during the previous raid, and the same thing had occurred again this time. Just as she suspected, this Sixth-Order Black Ink Disciple was truly unusual!

On the other side, both B-2 and E-5 went crazy after witnessing Nu Yan’s death. As Black Ink Disciples, their Master and the Black Ink Clan were supreme. It was their responsibility to ensure the safety of their Master; however, Nu Yan had been killed right under their noses. How could they not be furious?

The two of them showed no hesitation whatsoever. One of them blasted a Divine Ability at the woman while the other lunged forward. His entire figure swelled significantly under the effects of his Secret Technique.

The woman’s expression remained indifferent, and the longsword in her hand transformed into a curtain of swords that rained down on B-2 and E-5 like a storm. With her strength, it would not take much effort for her to kill two Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters like them.

At the critical moment, Yang Kai desperately yelled out, “Senior, Four Universe Pillars!”