Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4935 – Quite Strong

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

It turned out that the direction in which Feng Ying was leading Yang Kai was not heading towards the great pass defended by the Cave Heavens and Paradises. They seemed to be heading in the opposite direction actually, so he was naturally quite confused.

Feng Ying explained, “The last operation has undoubtedly provoked the ire of the Black Ink Clan. The Black Ink Clan army is gathering at the front. We might not be able to break through their lines with just our strength alone. If we go there so recklessly, we will only be walking directly to our deaths; therefore, our best option is to find as many helpers as possible first.”

“Helpers?” Yang Kai raised his eyebrows slightly at those words but soon understood, “Black Ink Disciples?”

Feng Ying nodded, “You have the ability to restore their true selves, so as long as we find a few more Black Ink Disciples, we might be able to gather a group large enough to create chaos at Black Ink Clan army’s rear. Only then will we have a chance to return.”

She originally did not have such a plan. Trapped in the depths of the Black Ink Clan’s territory alone, Feng Ying had already mentally prepared herself for her death. If not for that, she would not have killed Nu Yan immediately after recovering her strength. She had no plans of returning alive and simply planned to kill as many Black Ink Clansmen and Black Ink Disciples as she could, so she would not be dying in vain.

It was not until she witnessed Yang Kai’s astonishing method to dispel the Black Ink Strength that this plan sprang to mind. If they could smoothly implement this plan, then they would have a standing chance to survive and even rescue some Black Ink Disciples along the way; however, Yang Kai was an indispensable part of this plan. It was impossible to pull this off without him.

Yang Kai immediately understood after listening to her explanation. Looking around for a while, he glanced towards a Black Ink Cloud condensed in the void and made a suggestion, “Senior, how about we hide inside the Black Ink Cloud over there?”

Feng Ying followed the direction of his gaze, and her expression became pensive, “Are you suggesting…”

He nodded, “The Black Ink Disciples will definitely be travelling together with the Black Ink Clan. If we run around like this, even if we encounter Black Ink Disciples, we will only cause the Black Ink Clansman travelling with them to become vigilant. If that’s the case, it will be difficult for us to take action. However, it will be a different story if we hide inside the Black Ink Cloud and emerge when the enemy passes by this area.”

Pondering in silence after listening to his suggestion, Feng Ying nodded in agreement, “You’re right.”

With her intelligence, she didn’t need Yang Kai to explain much for her to understand the various advantages of this method. Unfortunately, there was one problem with this plan, “Can you guarantee my safety?”

She was powerful, and the immense heritage of her Small Universe gave her a certain degree of resistance towards Black Ink Strength; even so, it was impossible for her to remain inside a Black Ink Cloud for an extended period of time. She would eventually fail to withstand Black Ink Strength if too much time passed.

“We’ll know once we try!” Yang Kai declared firmly. Taking the lead, he rushed towards the Black Ink Cloud. It was impossible for him to not be in high-spirits right now. He had been trapped in Black Ink Clan’s domain for the past two years, during which he always had to act with utmost caution, as though he was constantly walking on thin ice. Thus, Yang Kai inevitably felt his blood pumping when doing something so invigorating all of a sudden.

A short while later, Yang Kai charged into the Black Ink Cloud with Feng Ying following closely behind.

The dense Black Ink Cloud was almost as thick as solid matter. If the two of them hid inside this Black Ink Cloud, random passers-by would not be able to discover their whereabouts without careful investigation.

Yang Kai had a World Spring, so no matter how impressive the Black Ink Cloud was, it was completely ineffective against him. However, it was different for Feng Ying. She had to use her World Force to shield herself the moment she entered the Black Ink Cloud to prevent the Black Ink Strength from corrupting her. Not only would this consume her strength quickly though, she would also risk being corrupted at any moment.

Naturally, Yang Kai was prepared well in advance for this situation and released a burst of Purifying Light to completely dispel the Black Ink Strength around the space where they stood to create a safe zone for them. It was not until then that Feng Ying finally breathed a sigh of relief. Be that as it may, she could not figure out what kind of method Yang Kai was using even though she had carefully observed him when he cast the Purifying Light.

Still, now was not the time to ask such questions, so Feng Ying declared, “Take a rest. We might need to fight at any time.”

After saying so, she closed her eyes to replenish her strength.

Yang Kai had no need to recuperate his strength as the battle earlier had not consumed much of his energy. What’s more, he needed to keep a close watch on his surroundings. There were too many uncertain elements in waiting for gains without pains here, so he needed to carefully monitor the outside world for any possible complications that might arise.

Time passed slowly and fortunately, their luck was pretty good. Only an hour later, a dozen or so figures flew over from the depths of Black Ink territory.

Yang Kai was the first to notice them and quickly called out, “Senior.”

Feng Ying opened her eyes and focused her senses in that direction. The Black Ink Cloud formed a barrier that made it difficult for her to look outside, but her Divine Sense could perceive the situation clearly.

Assessing the situation, she reported, “Two Feudal Lords, six High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen, and five Black Ink Disciples!”

The situation made her frown slightly. There were quite a few enemies in this group, so it might be difficult for them to handle. Nevertheless, this was the first batch of people to arrive after they started waiting here so they had to take action. As long as their initial attempts went well, their situation would only get better and better.

Feng Ying briefly checked her Small Universe, but the two former Black Ink Disciples she tossed inside earlier had yet to regain consciousness. Yang Kai’s previous attack had been rather heavy, so they could not rely on these two for help right now.

While she was hesitating, Feng Ying heard Yang Kai whisper, “I’ll leave the two Feudal Lords to you, Senior. I’ll deal with the rest.”

She glanced at him in disbelief, “Are you sure?”

After hastily exchanging blows twice with him, Feng Ying knew that Yang Kai was quite strong. Be that as it may, she was not familiar with his true abilities. It was not easy for one person to face six High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen alone. On top of that, the five Black Ink Disciples would not simply stand around doing nothing once the fight broke out. They would surely attack to support their Masters.

“Rest assured, Senior. This Junior may be young, but I’ve experienced many things in life. I won’t screw up.” Yang Kai licked his lips with an eager expression. Having suppressed himself for so long, he could finally go all out again.

Feng Ying hesitated slightly before she nodded, “Be careful. I will dispatch those two Feudal Lords as quickly as possible then come to help you.”

Yang Kai nodded in response.

Exchanging a glance, the pair rushed out of their hiding spot in the Black Ink Cloud.

As soon as the two of them emerged from their hiding spot, the Black Ink Clansmen passing by noticed them and numerous gazes immediately turned towards them.

Upon seeing that these two were Humans, the two leading Feudal Lords revealed expressions of pleasant surprise. They exchanged a glance with each other and flew over in tacit agreement.

Likewise, Yang Kai and Feng Ying approached the Black Ink group. Both parties soon came close to each other.

One of the Feudal Lords reached out towards Feng Ying, but in the next instant his body suddenly stiffened without any warning. A sword wave sliced through him, from the top of his head to his crotch. The sharp and unstoppable sword wave broke through his defences and split his enormous body in two.

Feng Ying had made her move! She actually launched her attack even earlier than Yang Kai. Yang Kai had the protection of the World Spring, so he could fearlessly allow the Black Ink Strength to pour into his body and make the enemy lower their guard as a result; however, she did not have such luxury.

As soon as the Feudal Lord in front of her reached out towards her, she unleashed a killing move. She was among the strongest Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and not too long ago, she had slaughtered hundreds of enemies with her strength alone. She not only attacked decisively at this moment, but she also had the element of surprise on her side while striking from point blank distance. How could the Feudal Lord defend against her attack?

It only took an instant for her to kill the first Feudal Lord on the spot; then, without delay, she slashed her sword at the second Feudal Lord. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The second Feudal Lord happened to be preparing to subjugate Yang Kai at that very moment, so how could he stand a chance against Feng Ying’s sudden assault? When the sword wave slashed down, he was chopped in half and died just like that.

The two Feudal Lords perished in an instant. Only then did Feng Ying breathe a sigh of relief, but when she looked over, she was slightly stunned. That was because Yang Kai was standing there with a spear in one hand, a High-Rank Black Ink Clansman hanging from its end. With a twist of his arm, the High-Rank Black Ink Clansman exploded into mist.

[As expected, this kid… is strong!] She had managed to kill two Black Ink Clan Feudal Lords by herself because she had enough confidence in her strength; however, in the short time taken for her to deal with her enemies, Yang Kai had already slain four of the High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen. Meanwhile, the remaining two who were pushed back, looked greatly weakened. It was obvious that they were severely injured.