Chapter 4936 – The Prey Is Here

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

How could an ordinary Sixth-Order Master be so fierce?

Feng Ying felt she had seen something new today and also had the vague realization that Yang Kai was at the peak of the Sixth-Order and would soon advance to the Seventh-Order. It was impossible for him to be so strong otherwise.

Despite her swirling thoughts, her movements did not stop for an instant. She was already charging towards the two High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen who were heavily injured by Yang Kai earlier, and with one swing of her sword, she easily killed them.

These two High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen had been severely injured by Yang Kai when he swept his spear at them, and Feng Ying’s attack was sharp and overwhelming. How could they defend themselves?

In the blink of an eye, two Black Ink Feudal Lords and six High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen perished. Although this was the first time the two of them cooperated together in a fight, they seemed as though they had known each other for a long time. There was not the slightest flaw in their cooperation.

It was not until this moment that the five Black Ink Disciples finally came to their senses.

Seeing the tragic deaths of the Black Ink Clansmen around them, these five Black Ink Disciples were absolutely enraged. They instantly summoned their respective artifacts and blasted various Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques at Yang Kai and Feng Ying.

Yang Kai and Feng Ying could not afford to act without restraint when dealing with these five Black Ink Disciples as their current mission was a rescue operation. It went without saying that they could not heavily injure or kill these people they were supposed to save, so their actions were a bit restricted.

Yang Kai hastily dodged to avoid a Divine Ability shooting towards him while simultaneously putting away the Azure Dragon Spear. He then shot towards the nearest Black Ink Disciple.

Feng Ying cooperated without any need to discuss matters with him. With a flourish of her longsword, sword light burst forth like a waterfall and enveloped the remaining four Black Ink Disciples to restrict their movements and capture their attention.

Meanwhile, yellow and blue lights glowed brightly before merging together to form a pure white light that flared brilliantly and engulfed the Black Ink Disciple.

The pure and flawless light did not contain the slightest impurity. As the pitch-black filth was expelled from the body of the Black Ink Disciple, his pained expression gradually returned to normal and his violent resistance slowly subsided.

Nevertheless, his expression remained confused. Despite being corrupted by Black Ink Strength for all these years, he had not lost his consciousness. He could clearly remember his condition and the things that he experienced during those years. Looking back now, his belief that the Black Ink Clan was supreme seemed so foolish and ridiculous. It could be said that his actions had been a complete betrayal of not just his humanity, but even his own convictions.

Yang Kai had no time to explain anything in detail, so after nodding at the man lightly, he quickly charged towards Feng Ying.

Seeing how swiftly Yang Kai dealt with the Black Ink Disciple, Feng Ying immediately withdrew her sword light before sending out another to pin down all but one target.

They repeated the same steps over and over again, their cooperation perfectly complementing each other’s movements; as a result, it didn’t take long for the Black Ink Strength to be dispelled from all five Black Ink Disciples.

There were no High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters among these five people. Three were in the Sixth-Order, while the remaining two were in the Fifth-Order. That was one of the key reasons why Yang Kai could finish dealing with them so quickly.

All five of them stared at Yang Kai in stunned disbelief, as though they were trying to find a flower on his face.

Feng Ying’s previous display had revealed her immense strength; however, they all came from different Cave Heavens and Paradises where countless Masters existed, so they were not impressed by raw power alone.

Conversely, what grabbed their attention was the method Yang Kai had displayed earlier. As Black Ink Disciples who became ordinary Humans again, they had personally experienced these changes and held deep feelings towards that pure white light.

[Does our side have such means now?] The five of them were genuinely happy from the bottom of their hearts. Since ancient times, any of their comrades who were corrupted by Black Ink Strength would stand on the opposite side of the Human Race and become an irreconcilable enemy. Moreover, it was impossible to rescue them.

Now that they had such means, there was no need to reluctantly give up on their comrades whenever one of them became corrupted by Black Ink Strength. They could still rescue their comrades if the opportunity arose. That was definitely something that could change the entire tide of the Blank Ink Battlefield.

Although there were many things they wanted to ask, they knew that this was not the place for discussion. They silently cupped their fists at Yang Kai and Feng Ying to indicate their thanks.

“We cannot stay in this place for long. Enter my Small Universe!” Feng Ying ordered before opening the portal to her Small Universe.

As a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, it stood to reason that Masters below the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm were able to enter her Small Universe. On the other hand, Yang Kai could only take in those below the Sixth-Order.

The five of them nodded and entered the portal leading into Feng Ying’s Small Universe to recuperate without any hesitation.

“Let’s go!” Feng Ying called out and took the lead to head in a certain direction. Yang Kai quickly followed behind her.

Since they were looking for helpers, then it was only natural to gather as many as possible. Yang Kai did not know what was waiting for them ahead, but since Feng Ying had mentioned that the Black Ink Clan army was gathering on the front lines, then it would not be easy for them to pass through. Only by gathering enough force would they stand a chance to fight their way through the Black Ink Clan army and return to the great pass.

Half a day later, the pair repeated their earlier actions. Hiding inside a Black Ink Cloud, they prepared to wait for fish to swim by once more.

Less than a quarter of an hour after they hid, a large Black Ink Clan army passed by in the vicinity. There were very many of them, almost 1,000 in total, and the leader had a deep and profound aura. It was highly likely that it was a Black Ink Territory Lord.

Hiding inside the Black Ink Cloud, Yang Kai and Feng Ying did not dare to move a single muscle and concealed their auras as much as possible. If they exposed themselves in front of such a strong enemy, they would surely suffer a tragic fate.

Fortunately, luck seemed to be on their side today. Although the Black Ink Clan army passed close to their position, they did not bother to check the situation inside the Black Ink Cloud where they were hiding.

In the eyes of the Black Ink Clan, Black Ink Clouds were extremely common and there was no need to investigate them carefully. Furthermore, they would never have imagined that two Humans would recklessly hide inside a Black Ink Cloud or that these Humans could resist the corrosion of the Black Ink Strength for an extended period of time.

Yang Kai and Feng Ying finally breathed a sigh of relief when the Black Ink Clan army disappeared from the scope of their senses. They saw another team of 100 or so passing by after some time, but just as before, they could only remain in hiding.

Judging by the current situation, it could be seen that Feng Ying’s previous guess was correct. The Black Ink Clan was marshaling their army on the front lines. The long distance raid carried out by the Human Masters had fully provoked the wrath of the Black Ink Clan, so it was obvious that the enemy was planning a large-scale counter-attack to take revenge.

From time to time, they would see Black Ink Clansmen passing by in groups of varying numbers, but even if the numbers were small, these groups weren’t targets that they could defeat.

The current situation was different from when Feng Ying had previously repelled hundreds of Black Ink Clansmen on her own. At the time, she had no other choice but to go all out. She had been prepared to sacrifice herself in order to allow her comrades to escape, so she had fought with reckless abandon in order to drag down as many enemies with her as possible.

Now though, the two of them had to move around in secret.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai who had been keeping a close watch on their surroundings, suddenly brightened and whispered, “Senior, our prey is here!”

Feng Ying glanced at him wordlessly. His statement sounded as though they were bandits who were waiting to ambush unsuspecting travelers.

Be that as it may, she could not deny that tempting ‘prey’ had appeared. They had waited for so long and avoided several Black Ink Clan teams during this period, but at this moment, what entered their sight was a group that consisted of only ten individuals. In addition, this team was heading directly towards them.

Although the numbers of this team were similar to their first encounter, the line-up was considerably inferior in terms of strength. There were no Feudal Lords in this group, only several High-Rank and even Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen. There were not many Black Ink Disciples either, only three of them. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

After confirming that there were no other dangers in the vicinity, Yang Kai and Feng Ying no longer hesitated. They rushed out of the Black Ink Cloud and charged directly at the oncoming team.

What followed was a swift massacre where the opponents were practically powerless to fight back. The Black Ink Clansmen were completely obliterated in the blink of an eye, after which Yang Kai used his means to dispel the Black Ink Strength from the three Black Ink Disciples. Once this was done, Feng Ying stuffed them into her Small Universe so that they could recover their strength.

In the two months that followed, Yang Kai and Feng Ying wandered around aimlessly. The Black Ink Clouds that could be found everywhere became the perfect hiding spots for them and whenever they came across a suitable opportunity, they would attack. If their opponents were too strong, then they would simply remain in hiding.

Their harvest over the past two months was bountiful. They slaughtered at least 100 Black Ink Clansmen, a number of which were Feudal Lords. Moreover, they had rescued some 30 or 40 Black Ink Disciples by now.

Not every Black Ink Clansman had their own Black Ink Disciples; in fact, many of the Black Ink Clansmen harboured a deep hatred for the Human Race and even Black Ink Disciples were unbearable to them. Therefore, it was impossible for them to be accompanied by Black Ink Disciples. Even more Black Ink Clansmen simply never had the opportunity to subjugate their own Black Ink Disciples.

Nu Yan, who had five Black Ink Disciples under his command even though he was only a High-Rank Black Ink Clansman, could be considered a rare example.

If a Black Ink Clansman wished to own their own Black Ink Disciple, they would either need to buy one at a great cost or subjugate one on the battlefield. Neither of these options were simple for a Black Ink Clansman to achieve.

Yang Kai and Feng Ying were currently hiding themselves inside a random Black Ink Cloud, taking their time to recover their strength after a rather intense battle.

A short while later, Yang Kai opened his eyes and looked at Feng Ying.

Seeming to sense his gaze, Feng Ying spoke without even opening her eyes, “Speak if you have something to say.”

He thus asked, “Senior, when are we heading back?”

Feng Ying decisively said, “We have too few people. It is dangerous to return like this. At the very least, we should gather 100 comrades before we make an attempt; otherwise, we will only be walking to our deaths.”

“100 people…” Yang Kai was tongue-tied.

During the past two months that they had been traveling together, they had only managed to rescue 30 or so Black Ink Disciples. At this rate, it would take half a year to gather 100 people.

“No need to worry,” Feng Ying opened her eyes and reassured him, “We didn’t have enough strength in the past so we had to be selective with our targets. Now that we have more manpower, we can take the initiative to attack. If we find the right opportunity, we will be able to progress much quicker.”

Yang Kai nodded and said nothing more. Since he did not know much about the situation on the Black Ink Battlefield, he could only follow her lead.

Half a day later, the two of them rushed out of the Black Ink Cloud after fully recovering before carefully concealing their figures and searching for a possible target.

The Black Ink Clan army was gathering up ahead; therefore, many Black Ink Clansmen were constantly rushed towards the front lines from the rear. If the opportunity presented itself, then these scattered Black Ink Clansmen would become their prey.

And an opportunity came quickly.

In the distance, the two of them saw an enormous ship sailing through the void in the direction where all the Black Ink Clansmen had been rushing towards during this period. It was undoubtedly heading to the front lines to provide support.

To have a flight type artifact of this magnitude meant that the Black Ink Clansman aboard could not be weak. The owner of this ship had to be a Feudal Lord at the very least, and one with his own territory at that.

Across a large distance, Yang Kai and Feng Ying quietly observed the large ship. They could clearly see many figures swaying about on the ship, a large number of which were Black Ink Disciples.

“Senior, do you plan to attack that ship?” Yang Kai asked.

Feng Ying nodded, “It’s a good opportunity.”