Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4937 – An Order to Convey

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai was worried, “But, we don’t know what kind of existence is onboard that ship. What if there’s a Territory Lord?”

Feng Ying shook her head, “That’s highly unlikely. Two months ago, the Black Ink Royal Lord personally took action; therefore, all Territory Lords in the vicinity should already have followed him to the battlefield at the time. Even if they received the news late, they would not have waited until now to set out. That’s why there should not be any Territory Lords among the reinforcements. What’s more, the war has begun and Territory Lords are the backbone of the Black Ink Clan. Logically speaking, they should have rushed to the battlefield at the earliest notice. Bringing out a flight type artifact like this ship to transport manpower indicates that the people on the ship have varying strength, so they have different flying speed.”

There was some logic to Feng Ying’s statement, so Yang Kai nodded slightly in response.

She then added, “Of course, there are always exceptions. If we encounter a Territory Lord… I will delay them for as long as possible. You should escape immediately.”

During this period, she had witnessed his ability and recognised his value. A talented individual like Yang Kai could not be killed here; otherwise, the loss to the Cave Heavens and Paradises would be incalculable. She even mentally prepared herself to risk her life in order to create an opportunity for him to escape at a critical juncture.

“Let’s go!” Feng Ying beckoned and charged towards the large ship with Yang Kai in tow.

When the two figures appeared without warning, there was an immediate response from the ship. Several figures flew out to stand on the deck and focused their gaze in this direction from a distance.

Feng Ying and Yang Kai did not reduce their speed as they flew forward in a straight line. It didn’t take long for them to land on the deck.

Countless scrutinising gazes mixed with curiosity turned towards them.

At the same time, Yang Kai was also observing them. He discovered that there were no Black Ink Disciples in the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm here, so he couldn’t help sighing in relief. Just as Feng Ying had predicted, these people certainly had varying levels of strength. It would seem that her previous speculations were correct.

Feng Ying placed her hand over her chest and glanced at the inside of the cabin, “Who is in charge here? Hong Lian Territory Lord has an order to convey!”

Her words made her seem as though she was Hong Lain Territory Lord’s Black Ink Disciple.

A group of Black Ink Disciples on the deck looked around for a while but did not answer. Yang Kai’s eyes flickered slightly, admiring Feng Ying’s courage and caution. She had used the name ‘Hong Lian Territory Lord’. If there was a Master on the large ship, he would certainly reveal himself immediately after hearing this name. In that way, they could quickly determine the strength of the enemy and come up with countermeasures.

Besides, Feng Ying was a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, so it was normal for her to disguise herself as Hong Lian Territory Lord’s Black Ink Disciple. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The dull thud of footsteps soon came from within the cabin. Immediately after that, a tall Black Ink Clansman strode out.

Yang Kai looked up and saw that this Black Ink Clansman was nothing more than a Black Ink Feudal Lord. The sight immediately filled him with relief. Many Feudal Lords had died at the hands of Feng Ying during this period; hence, a single Feudal Lord was not much of a concern.

The only thing that bothered him slightly was the Black Ink Disciple accompanying the Feudal Lord. The Black Ink Disciple was undoubtedly in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm and his aura was deep and profound.

After appearing on the deck, the Feudal Lord lowered his head and looked down at Feng Ying and Yang Kai, “I am Xiao Yue Feudal Lord. What are Sir Territory Lord’s orders?”

He held no suspicion towards Feng Ying’s identity, mainly because he did not expect a person to be so bold as to impersonate the Black Ink Disciple of a Black Ink Clan Territory Lord in front of him.

Feng Ying respectfully said, “Sir, please lean down. Master has commanded that this order can only be relayed to you alone.”

Xiao Yue Feudal Lord frowned slightly at those words. Although he did not understand why Hong Lian Territory Lord would give such an order, he lowered his body slightly, tilted his head to the side, and listened intently.

Feng Ying flew forward slightly and whispered, “Master said…”

Her sentence trailed off. Having piqued his curiosity and caused him to lower his guard, Feng Ying immediately pulled out her sword and slashed at him in the next moment. Pitch-black blood splattered everywhere as Xiao Yue retained his posture of listening intently, but his massive head had already been separated from his neck.

Feng Ying’s movements did not stop there. She quickly pushed back the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Black Ink Disciple beside the Xiao Yue Feudal Lord with another slash of her sword. Immediately after that, she opened the portal to her Small Universe and dozens of figures, who were raring to go, instantly emerged.

The Black Ink Disciples, whom Yang Kai and Feng Ying had spent two months rescuing, had been recuperating in Feng Ying’s Small Universe all this while. Having long since attained a full recovery, they had nothing to do every day and were practically dying from boredom.

Now that they came out from Feng Ying’s Small Universe, they were like fierce tigers coming down the mountain. They immediately summoned their artifacts and unleashed various Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques at the Black Ink Clan in the surroundings.

At this moment, the Black Ink Clan were reeling in confusion and shock. They never imagined that they would be ambushed by Human Masters in such a place, so they immediately suffered heavy casualties.

As soon as Feng Ying made her move, Yang Kai also complemented her actions and lunged forward. He ignored the rest of the Black Ink Disciples and focused his attention on the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple beside the Xiao Yue Feudal Lord.

At present, it was still unclear how many on the ship could rival a Seventh-Order Master in strength; however, Xiao Yue Feudal Lord had been eliminated, so as long as this Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple was dealt with, they could stabilize the entire situation.

At the same time that Yang Kai lunged forward, the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Black Ink Disciple who was repelled by Feng Ying earlier rushed forward aggressively.

In the eyes of a Black Ink Disciple, it did not matter whether or not Feng Ying had been sent by Hong Lian Territory Lord, he had to take revenge after witnessing the tragic death of his Master that occurred right in front of his eyes.

Feng Ying had not lowered her guard against him of course, and after releasing her allies from her Small Universe, she raised her sword and charged at him.

Be that as it may, Yang Kai was faster than her. He sprang out from behind her and swung his fist at the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Black Ink Disciple.

A cold light flashed in the opponent’s eyes and the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple raised his palm towards Yang Kai. World Force surged violently from the palm of his hand, like a tsunami. He seemed determined to kill Yang Kai with a single strike.

“Be careful!” Feng Ying exclaimed in horror.

She never expected Yang Kai to be so reckless. In her original plan, she would pin down any Seventh-Order Masters or Feudal Lords herself while Yang Kai only needed to go and rescue the subjugated Black Ink Disciples.

How could she have imagined that this brat would target the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple on his own? She didn’t even have time to stop him! Swiftly though, she recalled that Yang Kai had managed to block two of her killing moves in the past and felt slightly more relieved. He would not die so easily.

When the two attacks collided with each other, World Force exploded and Yang Kai’s figure was sent flying backward.

Still, the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple was stunned as a look of surprise flashed across his eyes. His strength might not be at its peak, but his Order was not something that could be ignored. Even so, an opponent who was one Order lower than him had successfully defended against his attack. He couldn’t help feeling astonished.

If it was a one-on-one battle, now would be the best time to hunt down Yang Kai; however, Yang Kai had only just been thrown off when Feng Ying approached. Her longsword transformed into sword shadows that covered the entire sky and slashed down on the Black Ink Disciple.

In that instant, the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple immediately fell into a precarious situation. Feng Ying was extremely powerful and even at his peak, he might not have been her opponent, what more in his current situation?

In just a few blows, he was cornered to the point where he could only parry her attacks and was powerless to fight back. Furthermore, he could not break free of her suppression no matter how hard he struggled and resisted.

Yang Kai, who had been forced back just now, returned and joined forces with Feng Ying. Their combined efforts left the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Black Ink Disciple increasingly helpless to fight back.

Yang Kai was extremely agile, his figure flitting around erratically, causing great trouble to his opponent. Moreover, the flickering white light in the palm of his hands filled the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple with an instinctive sense of fear.

The Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple had never seen such pure white light before. Even though he did not know what kind of attack that was, the Black Ink Strength in his body transmitted a message of fear and horror to him as though it had met its natural enemy. As a result, his already precarious situation became even more unbearable.

It didn’t take long before Yang Kai found an opportunity to approach the enemy. He shot forward and pressed his palm against the back of the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple. A pure white light flared brightly and enveloped the Black Ink Disciple. Following a series of sizzling sounds, the Black Ink Strength was dispelled and dissipated into nothingness. Accordingly, the resistance of the Black Ink Disciple gradually subsided.

A short while later, Yang Kai stopped and nodded at Feng Ying; then, he hastily rushed towards the nearest Black Ink Disciple.

The dozen or so Open Heaven Realm Masters previously released by Feng Ying were currently fighting an intense battle on the ship’s deck.

In such a short span of time, several people had already lost their lives. Their deaths went to show the ferocity of the battle, but the main reason was that their actions were restricted to a certain degree. Not to mention, their numbers were fewer than their opponents.

They had not been able to take an accurate accounting earlier, so it was not until this moment that they realised there were some 300 people aboard this ship. Among them, only a few dozen or so were Black Ink Disciples. The others were Black Ink Clansmen.

While they were merciless towards the Black Ink Clan, they had to hold back against the Black Ink Disciples as unlike before, they could no longer just kill them.

Following the commotion of the battle, the Black Ink Disciples and the Black Ink Clansmen below deck emerged in twos and threes. It was fortunate that the enemies did not emerge all at once; otherwise, they were bound to suffer heavy casualties at first encounter if they challenged 300 enemies directly with only a few dozen people on their side.

After the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple was rescued, Feng Ying immediately moved to block the hatch. She slaughtered all the Black Ink Clansmen who came her way, allowing Yang Kai to move freely and display his abilities.

Roaming around the battlefield with Purifying Light blooming from his hands, he helped the Black Ink Disciples return to their true natures. Every Black Ink Disciple he rescued was equivalent to increasing the strength of his side while simultaneously weakening the strength of the enemy.

As the battle dragged on, they gradually gained the upper hand.

There was something else that delighted Yang Kai. Aside from the Xiao Yue Feudal Lord and the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple accompanying the former, the large ship did not seem to contain any other personnel who could rival a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master in strength.

As a result, the situation became better and better for them. Now that the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple had been rescued, there was no need for further discussion. He immediately understood what he needed to do and cooperated with Yang Kai to subdue the remaining Black Ink Disciples.

The Black Ink Clansmen died at a steady pace. Unfortunately, Black Ink Strength that dissipated from the corpses was extremely troublesome to deal with.

This couldn’t be helped. Although the Black Ink Disciples had been rescued by Yang Kai, they could easily be corrupted by Black Ink Strength once more; therefore, they had to avoid Black Ink Strength at all times. Some who had their Small Universe invaded by Black Ink Strength again had no choice but to rush to Yang Kai’s side and ask for treatment.

Naturally, Yang Kai did not refuse anybody who came to him.

During the two years he served under Nu Yan, Yang Kai had learned quite a lot about the Black Ink Clan and Black Ink Disciples even though he had been living in disguise. As such, he knew that almost all of the Black Ink Disciples who had been corrupted by Black Ink Strength had sacrificed parts of their Small Universe at least twice before they were converted. The first time they were eroded by the Black Ink Strength, they would always choose to sacrifice a part of their Small Universe to preserve their sense of self.