Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4944 – That was no Deception!

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Both sides had been fighting on the Black Ink Battlefield for countless years, but such a brilliant white light had never before appeared. The light was without the slightest impurity and even seemed to be able to cleanse one’s mind and soul.

Martial Uncle Zhong couldn’t help narrowing his eyes slightly and staring intently in that direction. With the help of his discerning eye, the situation over there came into clear view. An unfamiliar young man who he had never seen before was holding up something that resembled a small sun at that moment.

It was not surprising to see an unfamiliar face as tens of thousands of Human Masters were stationed at Blue Sky Pass. As some died, reinforcements would be sent to replace them in an endless cycle, so it was impossible for Martial Uncle Zhong to know every one of them. The young man was probably one of the newly arrived disciples from the 3,000 Worlds.

In the next moment, Martial Uncle Zhong watched as the small sun in the young man’s hands slammed hard into the giant figure of the Territory Lord.

The white light exploded without a sound and enveloped the Territory Lord. Following that, large patches of pitch-black darkness quickly seeped out of the Territory Lord’s body and he seemed to instantly suffer heavy injuries, his face twisting hideously in agony. Even his originally vigorous figure stiffened for a short moment. Nevertheless, the Territory Lord instinctively struck a backhanded blow that sent the young man flying out, coughing up blood as he tumbled.

In that momentary delay though, the Sword Dragon spun rapidly and swallowed the Territory Lord with a fierce roar. Thousands of sword waves whirled about inside the Sword Dragon, causing pitch-black blood to splatter across the void. At the same time, dense Black Ink Strength erupted outward only to vanish into nothing when it came into contact with the remaining aftermath of the white light. The powerful aura of the Territory Lord vanished in the wake of the Sword Dragon’s charge!

On top of the rampart, Martial Uncle Zhong felt as though his eyes were going to pop out of their sockets. He had been stroking his beard at the time, and in his shock, his hand jerked slightly and actually yanked out a fistful of his hairs.

[He died!? The same Territory Lord who fought on even terms with me for six hours died just like that!? Our battle ended with both sides suffering heavy injuries, but I still can’t believe that he died! Not to mention, he was killed by Feng Ying!?]

If he had not witnessed the battle for himself, he would not have believed it. Feng Ying was certainly very strong, but it was impossible for her to slay a Territory Lord with her strength, not even if she had help and the Territory Lord was already severely wounded!

In that instant, Martial Uncle Zhong realised the crux of the problem. [That white light must be the key!]

He had clearly seen the pain and horror reflected on the Territory Lord’s expression when that white light enveloped him, and that was exactly what gave Feng Ying the chance to land a fatal attack.

[What the Hell was that light!?]

Regardless of what the truth was, this was not the time to consider such questions. A Black Ink Territory Lord had been slain by several Human cultivators in a matter of breaths. As a result, many Black Ink Clansmen immediately flew into a rage. They surged over from all directions in overwhelming numbers, quickly surrounding Feng Ying and the others tightly.

On top of the rampart, the Seventh-Order Master asked hesitantly, “Martial Uncle Zhong, was this some kind of trickery?”

He felt as though his brain was not working very well. He had just witnessed the death of the Territory Lord, but if that was a trick of the Black Ink Clan, wasn’t the price a little too high? Who would use the life of a Territory Lord to lure out Humans? Moreover, Feng Ying and the others were still fighting desperately against the Black Ink Clan at this moment.

Following the death of the Territory Lord, numerous figures abruptly appeared around Feng Ying’s team. The original line-up formed from just a handful of people instantly turned into a large group of several hundred people. It was obvious that those figures were Humans, and as soon as they appeared, they unleashed various Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques at the Black Ink Clan.

The Black Ink Clan was caught completely off-guard and instantly suffered great casualties.

“That was no deception!” Martial Uncle Zhong stopped tending to his wounds and stood up. With a wave of his hand, he opened a hole in the shields and shouted, “Quickly come with me to provide support!”

He fully believed that Feng Ying was not corrupted by Black Ink Strength after witnessing the death of the Territory Lord. Besides, if the Territory Lord overseeing that region was dead, then the Human Race could gain a huge advantage on the battlefield. This was an extraordinary achievement. Martial Uncle Zhong could no longer sit back and do nothing with such an opportunity lying right before him.

After saying that, Martial Uncle Zhong took the lead and charged forward. Countless streams of lights quickly followed behind him. Once they left, the hole in the shield quickly sealed shut again to prevent the Black Ink Clan from sneaking inside.

At the rear of the battlefield, Shen Ao grabbed Yang Kai by the arm and asked in concern, “Are you alright?”

Yang Kai turned his head to the side and spat out a mouthful of blood, grimacing as he shouted, “I’ll live!”

When he unleashed the Purifying Light on the Territory Lord just now, he had been sent flying by the enemy’s backhand. He would have been severely injured if he had not retreated quickly and lessened the impact. Even so, the vitality in his body was churning violently. It was inevitable that he sustained some injuries.

In any case, he was also lucky that Shen Ao had caught him in a timely manner; otherwise, he would have been sent flying directly into the middle of the Black Ink Clan army. It would have been difficult for him to get away safely if that were to happen.

“Martial Aunt Feng is amazing,” Yang Kai couldn’t help but praise.

Although the Territory Lord had been shaken by the Purifying Light, it was the might of Feng Ying’s Sword Dragon that really sealed the deal. The power of her Divine Manifestation was so terrifying that even the Territory Lord died instantly after being caught up in her attack.

Nevertheless, it was only possible because the Territory Lord was severely wounded in the first place. If he had been in his peak condition, Feng Ying would not have succeeded.

“You are amazing too!” Shen Ao’s expression was full of approval. He never realised that the Purifying Light would cause such a destructive amount of damage to the Black Ink Clan. It was not until after Yang Kai’s attack succeeded and he was sent flying that Shen Ao came back to his senses.

It was actually not that strange once Shen Ao thought about it. Yang Kai had been using Purifying Light to return Black Ink Disciple to their original state and restore their mental clarity throughout this period. In other words, the white light was the nemesis of the Black Ink Strength. Seeing as Black Ink Strength inside the bodies of the Black Ink Clan was their source of power, how could they escape unscathed if they were hit by the Purifying Light?

By combining the strengths of Yang Kai and Feng Ying, they had managed to kill a Territory Lord. That was an outcome that never even crossed the minds of Shen Ao and the others before they made their move. Although they had moved according to Feng Ying’s suggestions, they had not expected much; therefore, the result was an unexpectedly pleasant surprise.

“Enough nonsense! Hurry up and defend yourselves!” Ning Qi Zhi roared from the side. Following the movements of his hands, he blasted out a Divine Ability at the Black Ink Clan.

They had already brought out all the reinforcements hiding inside their Small Universes; even so, they only had slightly over 300 people on their side. Their overall strength was not that great either. Most of them were only in the Fifth and Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

Thanks to their swift movements earlier, they had caught the Black Ink Clan by surprise; however, now that the Black Ink Clan had recovered from their initial shock, the enemy forces quickly formed a tight encirclement around their group.

Feng Ying’s Sword Dragon took the lead, charging towards the enemy lines. Without a leader to coordinate their movements, many Black Ink Clansmen died on the spot in the wake of her rampage.

Likewise, Shen Ao and the others split up to protect the flanks as they followed Feng Ying to charge forward.

Be that as it may, there was an overwhelming difference in their numbers. The group of several hundred Human cultivators could neither progress forward nor retreat backward. Somebody was bound to be left behind with every step they took, and it was evident what kind of fate would befall them if they were left behind in this situation. If the situation were to continue at this rate, they would be wiped out before they could reach Blue Sky Pass.

All of a sudden, a Dragon Roar resounded across the void. The sudden roar startled both parties in the war and nobody knew what was happening.

In the midst of the chaos, Shen Ao and the others turned to look in the direction of the sound and their pupils immediately contracted at the sight.

Yang Kai was standing there while taking deep breaths. An enormous Golden Dragon Head emerged from behind him only to plunge into his body and disappear from view. Immediately after that, a horrifying pressure radiated outward with him in the centre. As this pressure spread outward, his figure abruptly began to swell.

No matter how many years passed after, the surviving cultivators of that battle would never forget what they saw at that moment.

In less than three breaths of time, the small Human figure transformed into an enormous behemoth. His Golden Dragon Body was 20,000 metres long, covered in a dense layer of Dragon Scales, his limbs adorned with sharp Dragon Claws, Dragon Horns protruded from his forehead, and a Dragon Beard fluttering magnificently beneath his chin. Moreover, his Golden Dragon Eyes resembled two small suns that illuminated the universe and penetrated the darkness on the battlefield.

A Grand Dragon!

A 20,000 metres long Grand Dragon had suddenly appeared in the middle of the battlefield. It was difficult not to attract any attention with such a spectacle. Both the Humans and the Black Ink Clan couldn’t help feeling amazed by the sight.

Dragon Pressure exploded in a majestic and imposing manner!

The Grand Dragon opened his mouth and spat out a blast of Dragon Breath. The Black Ink Clansmen standing in a large area of the void before him were instantly swept away as a result. Then, the 20,000 metres long Dragon Body stretched out and formed a half circle to wrap around the group of several hundred Human cultivators.

“Move!” A deep Dragon Roar shook the skies.

Only then did the Human cultivators return to their senses. Earlier, they had not known whether the Grand Dragon that suddenly appeared was an enemy or a friend, but how could they not realise that he was one of their own after seeing his actions? The anxiety in their hearts immediately calmed down!

Feng Ying, who was in the lead, had blanked out for a moment, but quickly composed herself again. Her Sword Dragon took point once more, leading them on another forward charge.

The Black Ink Clan army indiscriminately blasted attacks at them from all directions, but most of the barrage was blocked by the massive Dragon. As long as the Dragon endured, their defences stood strong! It was impossible to harm them without destroying the Dragon first!

The attacks sent Dragon Scales flying in all directions and Yang Kai’s flesh writhed in response, his Golden Dragon Blood splattering out across the void.

It didn’t take long before there was not a spot left that was unscathed on his 20,000 metre long Dragon Body. Even so, the Grand Dragon did not flinch. No matter how severe the wounds he sustained, Yang Kai continued to provide the strongest defence to protect the forward charge of the Human cultivators.

At the same time, Yang Kai held the Azure Dragon Spear in his Dragon Claw. This artifact obtained from Giant Spirit God Ah Da contained seemingly unlimited power. What’s more, it could shrink or enlarge at will. At this moment, the originally three meters long spear had transformed into a 10,000 metres long spear in the grip of the Grand Dragon’s Dragon Claw. With such a weapon, there was no need to use any Divine Ability or Secret Techniques. Even Yang Kai’s Supreme Limitless Spear Arts were unnecessary as a simple sweep of the spear wrought destruction over thousands of metres of the battlefield. Countless Black Ink Clansmen were injured, and the weak were killed on the spot.

The surrounding Black Ink Clan army was now utterly terrified. It was not that they had never fought a Divine Spirit before. While there weren’t many of them, there were Divine Spirits on the Black Ink Battlefield. Moreover, every single Divine Spirit was an extremely mighty existence that caused great losses to the Black Ink Clan whenever they engaged in battle. However, a Divine Spirit who wielded such an enormous artifact was completely unheard of…

Although the appearance of a Grand Dragon greatly boosted the morale of the Human Race, it did not last for long. The momentum of their charge remained blocked; the Sword Dragon at the lead was falling to pieces, and Feng Ying who was hidden inside was soon exposed. Even the Grand Dragon protecting them was soon completely battered.

In front of them, the tightly-packed Black Ink Clan army obstructed their way forward like the gathering storm that could not be wiped out.

At this rate, they would not be able to reach Blue Sky Pass before they exhausted themselves and perished. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

It was at that moment that a huge commotion came from the back of the Black Ink Clan army. The lights from countless Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques flared brightly in the pitch-black darkness, shining a guiding light to the Human survivors.