Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4964 – Personal Matter

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

With the Purifying Light, all the previous issues that troubled them were no longer a problem.

Feng Ying’s eyes lit up, “Your idea might just work! But…” After saying that, she furrowed her brow, “I don’t think anyone here can arrange a Universe Array. At the very least, there are no such talents in Blue Sky Pass.”

The Universe Temples in the various great passes were as ancient as the great passes themselves. There might have been people who could prepare a Universe Array and construct a Universe Temple in ancient times. Unfortunately, with the closure of the Universe Temples, the means and the knowledge disappeared with the passing of time.

That was intentionally done by the Human Race in order to prevent the relevant personnel from becoming corrupted by Black Ink Strength and the Black Ink Clan from obtaining the creation method of the Universe Temples. The Black Ink Clan was hard to deal with in the first place. If they were allowed to master the mysteries of the Universe Temples, then they would truly be invincible.

“I can do it!” Yang Kai quickly said.

Feng Ying was astonished, “You can arrange a Universe Array!? Aren’t you…”

Yang Kai laughed, “It’s true that I’m completely clueless about the Dao of Spirit Arrays, but Space Arrays and the Universe Arrays are related to the Dao of Space after all. That’s why I dabbled in them slightly.”

Back in the 3,000 Worlds, he had spent over 30 years comprehending the mysteries of the Universe Array. His attainments in the Dao of Space soared as a result, and he ultimately comprehended his Cow Punch Secret Technique from his efforts. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Afterward, Yang Kai also constructed some Universe Temples in the New Great Territory adjacent to High Heaven Territory so that his disciples could conveniently travel back and forth to investigate the New Great Territory. That was why preparing a Universe Array was not a difficult task to him.

“Do you need me to do anything? Should I gather some helpers?” Feng Ying asked.

Yang Kai shook his head, “I don’t need any assistance, though I am lacking a few resources. I will need you to help me gather these materials, Martial Aunt.”

“Good!” She quickly nodded in agreement.

A short while later, Yang Kai handed a list of resources to Feng Ying and asked her to procure them for him. This was not a difficult task for her. Blue Sky Pass had its own storehouse, which contained large amounts of cultivation resources and other materials. Most of the items that Yang Kai needed could be found there.

Nevertheless, she would need to inform Zhong Liang and the others regarding this matter and obtain their permission to proceed before she could enter the storehouse to retrieve the corresponding resources.

Upon learning that Yang Kai was not only capable of preparing a Universe Array but was also planning to set one up inside the cabin of the purification ship, Zhong Liang could be said to be both surprised and delighted.

Only less than half a year had passed since Yang Kai first arrived at Blue Sky Pass, but he had brought about numerous miracles in that short time.

The biggest surprise was his means to dispel and purify Black Ink Strength. Other than that, he also worked with Dong Guo An Ping and the others to create a warship that was suitable for a large-scale expedition. In addition, he was planning to prepare the Universe Array in said warship.

As an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, it was only natural that Zhong Liang could see the endless prospects for this method.

Needless to say, Zhong Liang was in full support of the idea. He also gave Feng Ying nearly unlimited authority so that she was free to choose from the resources stored within the storehouse. In short, he was willing to cooperate with Yang Kai completely.

With the required resources in hand, Yang Kai plunged right into work inside the cabin.

Arranging a Universe Array was undoubtedly much harder than setting up a simple Space Array. Although the nature of both Spirit Arrays was essentially the same, the Universe Array was ultimately more profound compared to a Space Array. Not to mention, the layout of the Universe Array was subjected to certain restrictions due to the limited space within the cabin.

The Universe Temples that Yang Kai previously constructed in the New Great Territory were not small in size. Now that he had to operate the Universe Array in a limited space, it became necessary for him to make some minor changes to its Array Chart.

Yang Kai was busy for two whole months. During this period, he made several major changes through repeated trial and error before he finally completed his task. It was fortunate that the ship already contained large amounts of the Purifying Light, so when those corroded by Black Ink Strength came over, he had no need to treat them personally. Otherwise, his task would have taken even more time to complete.

Afterwards, Feng Ying personally tested and confirmed that the Universe Array was functional. Zhong Liang couldn’t help being overjoyed when he received the report on this matter.

Following a delay of two months, Dong Guo An Ping also delivered the first newly-constructed warship.

Under normal circumstances, it would have taken at least half a year for Blue Sky Pass to construct a brand-new warship. That was not something that could be refined carelessly after all. The construction of a warship not only required a large amount of manpower, but also an extremely skilled Artifact Refiner to oversee the process.

It was just that Dong Guo An Ping knew the importance of this project. The war was raging fiercely, and the sooner they completed this project, the bigger the role the warship could play for the Human Race. For that reason, he had mobilised the elite disciples of Divine Cauldron Cave Heaven from various places and assembled a workforce of over 100 people. That was how they constructed a brand-new warship in the short span of two months.

The warship was brought to the Central Square, and Yang Kai immediately entered the cabin. He did not begin filling it with Purifying Light immediately and chose to arrange the Universe Array first. It was not until he finished preparing the Universe Array that he sealed a massive amount of Purifying Light inside its hull.

Another month later, this new warship was ready for the defence lines of the Eastern Army.

In the end, Zhong Liang and the others ultimately agreed to give the first warship to Ding Yao. It was not because they could not compete with him for it, but because the battle on the Eastern Army’s side was indeed the most intense. The other three Army Commanders couldn’t be bothered to squabble over such trivial matters either. Since Ding Yao came forward in person to make the request, it was only right for them to show him some respect. Naturally, the most important reason was that each Army would soon obtain a new warship of their own, so there was no need for them to quarrel among themselves.

For both Yang Kai and Dong Guo An Ping, constructing these new warships was equivalent to traversing a familiar path; hence, they could take advantage of parallel production to speed up the process.

Half a year passed by in the blink of an eye, and all three others Armies gained their own Purifying Black Ink Battleship

‘Purifying Black Ink Battleship’ was the class designation Dong Guo An Ping had given this special warship. The name soon spread far and wide, receiving the recognition of the public.

The four Purifying Black Ink Battleships were stationed at the rear of the four armies. Anyone corroded by Black Ink Strength could be rescued immediately, so it was much more convenient compared to in the past. Thanks to these four Purifying Black Ink Battleships, the battle between the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan became even more intense.

Meanwhile, in the Central Square, Yang Kai suddenly had nothing to do… It used to be very lively here. At least a dozen infected people used to come to ask for help every single day; however, ever since the four Purifying Black Ink Battleships were introduced, nobody came to visit this place anymore. Even if they were corrupted by Black Ink Strength, there was no need for them to come here or for Yang Kai to take action in person either. Each of the Purifying Black Ink Battleships contained enough Purifying Light for 2,000 people to use; therefore, there was enough to last for a long time.

After spending so much time and energy, Yang Kai finally reached his goal. It was time for him to focus on his own affairs now.

On the deck of the original Purifying Black Ink Battleship, Feng Ying was cultivating with her eyes closed when a figure appeared in a flash before her. Yang Kai had teleported out of the cabin.

She opened her eyes to look at him. Although nobody came looking for help during this period, Yang Kai had remained extremely busy. She did not know what he had been working on. She had asked once, but he had not replied to her question; thus, she did not ask further questions.

At this moment, Yang Kai took the initiative to speak, “Martial Aunt, I’ve made some adjustments to the Universe Array. I don’t know what kind of effect there will be, so I’m going to test it out.”

“Good!” She nodded lightly without doubting him.

When he was testing the effects of the Universe Array, he had also personally taken on the task. His reasoning was that it would be easier for him to discover any issues if he performed the tests himself. It would indeed be somewhat inconvenient to leave such tasks to other people; therefore, Feng Ying had no reason to feel suspicious about how he planned to test the Universe Array himself.

Since Yang Kai planned to test the effects of the Universe Array, it stood to reason that he could not experiment from nearby. He had to go much further for the experiment to be effective.

Once he was out of Feng Ying’s sight, Yang Kai spun around and rushed towards one of Blue Sky Pass’ main gates.

During this period, he had investigated quite a lot about the situation at Blue Sky Pass; hence, he was not unfamiliar with the route.

Not long after he left, Yang Kai saw many people up ahead of him. It was very lively here with a warship moored in a small docking area, and cultivators dressed in the uniforms of the Divine Cauldron Heaven working on it. A series of clanging sounds came from within the large ship, occasionally accompanied by flashing lights. The warship had clearly been in battle as its hull had been damaged.

There were several other similar warships in the docking bay, and several hundred people were scattered around the area. They sat down cross-legged in small groups, each silently circulating their Secret Arts to recover their strength.

Yang Kai observed the scene before him, vaguely guessing that these people were those who had just withdrawn from the battlefield. During this period, he had gleaned a lot of information from Feng Ying and gained a rough understanding of the situation in Blue Sky Pass. Although he had not experienced the fighting for himself, he had no trouble understanding the situation when he saw it.

His sudden arrival did not attract much attention. To these people, time to rest was extremely precious and should not be wasted frivolously. Besides, there were many people coming and going from this area, which provided a great cover for him.

Looking around, Yang Kai discovered that the main gate was shrouded by a barrier and guarded by several elites. They would not release the barrier easily without an explicit order. The sight made him frown slightly. He originally planned to sneak out of the great pass, but it would seem that his plans were not feasible. There was no way for him to leave as long as the barriers around Blue Sky Pass remained sealed.

Turning his head to look around him, Yang Kai decided to wait and see what happened. He found a corner and sat down cross-legged, pretending to be adjusting his breathing. Truthfully, he was feeling extremely anxious inside. This was a rare opportunity, and if he failed, he would never be able to leave Blue Sky Pass again.

Luckily, fortune seemed to be on his side. After waiting for less than an incense stick worth of time, the Divine Cauldron Cave Heaven disciples in charge of repairing a certain warship, had apparently completed their repairs.

A Seventh-Order Master immediately leaped onto the ship and activated it to check its condition. Once he confirmed that there were no problems with the ship, he yelled loudly, “Mountain Battalion, get on board!”

As soon as the words left his mouth, 100 people stood up in a flurry and flew towards the ship. Yang Kai quickly grasped the opportunity at hand. He hurriedly stood up and followed the large batch of people onto the ship.

The Seventh-Order Master swept his gaze over the people on the ship and nodded lightly; then, he turned to look in a certain direction, cupped his fist, and shouted in a clear voice, “Western Army Right Wing Fourth Division Mountain Battalion is prepared to sortie. We request permission to depart for battle!”