Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5001, Another Sneak Attack

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The drawbacks of using the Universe Transference Law were too great, and it had to be performed under extremely stable conditions. Right now, at a critical point between life and death, how could any Squad member still be able to use the Universe Transference Law?

The only thing they could do was make a desperate attempt to resist by relying on their positional advantages under the leadership of the two Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in their Squad.

It was also fortunate that this Squad had two Seventh-Order Masters. If there had been only one of them, then they might not have held on this long.

The Black Ink Clansmen were all hiding themselves in the Black Ink Cloud and using it as a cover as they came in and out to attack occasionally, or they would use Secret Techniques to stir things up for the Human cultivators from within the cloud. As time passed, the circle formed by the Black Ink Cloud was rapidly shrinking, leaving the Human Squad with no place to retreat.

It was at this point that Dawning Light came to their rescue.

The Black Ink Clansmen inside of the Black Ink Cloud had clearly noticed Dawning Light’s arrival. As a certain part of the Black Ink Cloud stirred, a few dozen Black Ink Clansmen emerged, led by one with a ferocious appearance and emitting an aura from top to bottom that clearly belonged to that of a Feudal Lord.

The imposing Feudal Lord, armed with a huge spear, was clearly intent on intercepting Dawning Light.

As they continued drawing closer, Dawning Light’s camouflage suddenly dissipated, revealing its true appearance.

After having suffered so many losses to this unique Warship, the Black Ink Clan forces had naturally become aware of it, and that their forces were frequently wiped out once this powerful Human Squad was encountered.

This Feudal Lord was well-informed and had naturally heard about the rumours concerning Dawn and Dawning Light. He had thought that he would not come across them in this vast warzone, but after seeing Dawning Light with its disguise gone and true face appearing, how could he still not know that he truly did bump into them?

When he thought of the rumours, the Feudal Lord did not dare to confront them and immediately retreated back into the Black Ink Cloud.

The Black Ink Clansmen that had rushed out with him were all relatively weak, so they were slightly slower to react. When they saw their Feudal Lord retreating without a fight, they could not even figure out what happened before Dawning Light’s terrifying attacks struck them.

Each attack was so powerful that it was not something that these High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen could resist. In an instant, many of them were wiped out, but Dawning Light did not stop there. It passed through the mess of gore and broken limbs, crashing straight into the Black Ink Cloud.

The Black Ink Clansmen who were hiding under the cover of the Black Ink Cloud took this opportunity to bombard Dawning Light with their attacks, but Dawn had long been prepared for this and had already activated their defensive array, enveloping Dawning Light with a powerful light barrier.

Wave after violent wave spread across the light shield, causing deep dents to appear on its surface. With the deep pits as the centre, there were even ripples spreading out in all directions.

Dawning Light pushed through the Black Ink Cloud’s blockade while withstanding the Black Ink Clan’s attacks, reaching its centre mere breaths later.

The Squad that had been trapped there for a long time were already in dire straits, but when a Human Warship appeared before them, they understood at once that reinforcements had arrived, and it was the Special Operations Squad, Dawn, to their absolute delight.

“Get on board!” Feng Ying shouted from the deck.

With a change of her hand seal, a gap opened in Dawning Light’s shields.

The eight cultivators were completely exhausted and their auras were weak, so they did not hesitate to leap on board.

By the time they got on board, Yang Kai had already disappeared from the deck. When he reappeared, he was in the middle of the dense Black Ink Cloud.

His left pupil instantly turned into an awe-inspiring vertical golden slit.

The Black Ink Cloud was not only extremely adept at corrupting Human cultivators, but also obstructing their senses, but the Demon Eye of Annihilation, which could see through all illusions, was a perfect fit for such an environment.

Not far away, a Black Ink Clan Feudal Lord was silently approaching. It was the same one who had run away when he saw Dawning Light earlier.

He had just escaped back into the Black Ink Cloud and had yet to settle his nerves when Yang Kai suddenly appeared near him.

He was both shocked and delighted to see this. He was shocked because this seemed to be the rumoured Human Squad Leader who was ridiculously strong, but also delighted that this man would be so arrogant as to invade the Black Ink Cloud of his own volition.

The invasive power of Black Ink Strength towards Humans was inexorable, and he had no idea why this man would proactively run into the Black Ink Cloud, but since he was here, then he better not think about leaving.

Through the rolling cover of the Black Ink Cloud, the Feudal Lord quickly advanced to a distance of 300 meters away from Yang Kai. For a Feudal Lord, this was the perfect distance to launch a sneak attack.

The power in his body poured into the giant spear. There was a fierce glint in the Feudal Lord’s eyes as he raised his weapon, preparing to pierce it into Yang Kai’s unsuspecting back.

But at that moment, Yang Kai, who should have been oblivious to his presence, suddenly turned around and stared at him, the corners of his mouth turning into a cold smile. The golden vertical slit in his eyes seemed to contain unopposable majesty that caught the Feudal Lord off guard for a moment.

The Black Ink Clan Feudal Lord was ashen with shock. He could not figure out how he had been spotted, but a spearhead was rapidly expanding in his vision, ensuring him that he was not imagining things.

The Feudal Lord cried out in terror and raised his spear, attempting to block the incoming attack. As their spears clashed, the Feudal Lord felt a terrifying force erupting in front of him, forcing his large body to reel backwards. Even his hand which held the spear was shaking.

An aura of death lingered around him. Looking up, he saw Yang Kai chasing after him like a shadow after the unsuccessful strike, his spear thrusting forward indomitably. Meanwhile, the strength inside of his body was roiling, leaving him powerless to protect himself.

[I’m dead!]

Despair filled the eyes of the Feudal Lord in that instant. He had heard about how strong this Human Squad Leader was, and it was said that only a Territory Lord could defeat him; however, those were just rumours he had heard, and it was only now that he was facing him head-on that he understood that it was not just empty gossip.

True enough, this level of strength was not something that a Feudal Lord could withstand. At the very least, four or five Feudal Lords would be required to besiege this man to have some chance of beating him.

As the Black Ink Clan Feudal Lord was about to die under the Azure Dragon Spear, Yang Kai’s expression suddenly changed, and as if he were possessed by a ghost, he stopped in place and brandished his spear out in front of himself.

An extremely faint golden light appeared, breaking through the Black Ink Cloud. The attack came from outside and struck the Azure Dragon Spear with a loud bang.

After the strange noise sounded, Yang Kai was pushed back by a huge force and his body retreated hundreds of meters before he could steady himself.

When he was able to check, he saw a tiny scratch on the Azure Dragon Spear which had been left by the attack earlier.

If Yang Kai had not reacted quickly and protected himself with his Azure Dragon Spear, the sneak attack would have gone right through his chest. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

[It’s that guy!] Yang Kai’s lit up with a frightening glare.

He had been keeping an eye out for this Black Ink Disciple from Divine Feather Paradise since the last time they met, but unfortunately, his search had not been fruitful.

However, after being ambushed once, Yang Kai made sure to keep a part of his focus on his surroundings during every fight in order to ensure that something like that never happened again.

It wasn’t until just now that the feeling of being watched appeared again, and sure enough, that guy took advantage of the moment when he was fighting with the Feudal Lord to deliver another blow.

If Yang Kai had not been prepared for it, then he might have gotten caught by this attack again. Though it was unlikely to kill him, the injury Yang Kai might sustain from it was definitely not going to be light.

The first time he was attacked, Yang Kai was caught unprepared and allowed his arrow to pierce right through him. Then, when he tried to pursue his attacker, he had completely lost sight of him.

Now that he was prepared, how was he going to let that man get away again?

As soon as he steadied himself though, another golden light struck his way, but this time, the golden light came from the opposite direction compared to before. If that previous sneak attack came from the front, then this one came from the back.

[There’s two of them?]

This second attack was not aimed at him though, but rather at Dawning Light.

Dawning Light had also sustained a lot of attacks when they rushed into the Black Ink Cloud. Even though their light barrier did not break, it had grown noticeably dimmer.

With that one attack, the light barrier surrounding Dawning Light actually shattered to pieces, which showed just how powerful it was.

On the Warship, all three of the cultivators in charge of controlling the defensive array grunted and coughed up blood, their faces turning pale.

The defensive array that they had been in charge of had been broken, resulting in them suffering some of the backlash. What’s more, the array itself was damaged, so it was clear that it could no longer be used.

However, Yang Kai’s attention was not on Dawning Light. There was more than one defensive array installed on Dawning Light, so they could temporarily compensate for the destroyed one.

At the second blow, Yang Kai had already rushed over in a hurry, not even wasting time to kill off that Black Ink Clan Feudal Lord who was in front of him.

Previously, he let the sneak attacker get away because he was unprepared, but if he still let him get away even though he was ready for him this time, then it would be a disservice to the Dao of Space that he had been cultivating for so many years.

There were not two attackers, only one. The second attack was a Secret Technique the attacker used in order to confuse Yang Kai.

It was clear that the attacker was also extremely wary of him and feared that he would chase after him.

As Space Principles surged, Yang Kai disappeared from the battlefield in an instant and arrived at a nearby Universe Fragment.

The place seemed empty when he looked around, but there were obvious traces of a weak aura left behind.

[He just left!]

Just like last time, the attacker left immediately after his attack failed. This guy’s wariness was simply impeccable.

Only, Yang Kai could not figure out what sort of Secret Technique it was that this person used that enabled him to run away so quickly. In front of Space Principles, distance was no obstacle at all, so could it be possible that his opponent was also proficient in Space Principles?

If that were the case, then this would be very troublesome to deal with, and it reinforced Yang Kai’s idea that he had to capture this hidden ambusher no matter what.