Chapter 5005, Headbutt

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The force of his arm slash turned into an amazing sword wave that cut into the Black Ink Territory Lord’s back, causing blood to spurt out from his large body through a gash deep enough to see bone.

However, the Territory Lord was able to take the opportunity to escape far away.

The Eighth-Order Master was about to give chase, but then his brow suddenly knitted together into a frown as he felt a throbbed pain in his back. This was the result of being targeted by a strong hostile intent.

The intent was well concealed but clearly a warning that if he really did try and pursue the Territory Lord, he would be met with force.

The Eighth-Order Master’s face turned ugly.

Naturally, he could dismiss this little threat if he were in peak condition. In top form, he would surely try to hunt down that Territory Lord and kill him no matter what; however, after a long fight, he had already exerted a tremendous amount of strength and was also heavily injured after suffering that sneak attack. Not only that, his Small Universe was being corrupted by Black Ink Strength, so if this dragged on, his entire Small Universe might become tainted; then, even as an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he would lose himself and degenerate into a Black Ink Disciple.

That was a result that he could not accept no matter what. He could accept dying in battle, but there was no way he would allow himself to turn into a Black Ink Disciple and become one of the Black Ink Clan’s weapons.

So, even though he understood the sneak attacker’s intentions and also knew that a powerful attack like the one he had been struck with earlier would not show up again, he did not dare to take that gamble.

After a cold stare towards the source of the attack, the Eighth-Order Master’s body finally moved back until he arrived at a safe distance before activating the Universe Transference Law that was connected to the Universe Array on the forward base’s Purifying Black Ink Battleship. A short while later, a whirling pattern of a Grand Array appeared underneath his feet, and as the light rose to the air, the man disappeared.

Yang Kai, who had been hiding in the shadows, felt both a little regretful and pleasantly surprised when the intense battlefield regained its calm.

He felt regretful that the Territory Lord was able to escape. Opportunities to kill a Territory Lord were rare to come by. If that person hiding in the shadows had not interfered, he would only have had to jump out and join forces with the Eighth-Order Master and there would have likely been able to kill that Territory Lord.

As to his pleasant surprise, the target that he had lost earlier had resurfaced again and was now just a short distance away from him.

Yang Kai had no idea when this person arrived here, and he was not even sure whether this person had noticed his existence or not. If not for that sudden attack earlier, Yang Kai would not have known that person was here.

That definitely had to be the Black Ink Disciple from Divine Feather Paradise!

Previously, when this guy ambushed Yang Kai, the attack that they used was basically just reminiscent of a golden light or a golden arrow. However, when this person was ambushing the Eighth-Order Master, their attack took the form of a pair of unfurled wings.

Yang Kai had seen the power behind that attack and guessed that even a Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple would be unable to use such a powerful attack repeatedly. Using such an attack even once would probably put a huge burden on them.

Moreover, Yang Kai was also able to injure that person while he was chasing after them not long ago, and there was obviously no way those injuries would have healed in such a short amount of time.

From their body already being wounded to then using such an immensely powerful Secret Technique, it was possible that this Black Ink Disciple had little strength left at this moment.

Rather than rush out immediately, Yang Kai concealed his aura even more cautiously because he wasn’t sure whether his opponent was aware of his presence or not.

In fact, both Yang Kai and the Eighth-Order Master were correct. The Black Ink Disciple who was lurking in the shadows simply had no energy to unleash that kind of attack again. As a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, even though they were ambushing an Eighth-Order Master from the shadows, they still had to use a sacrificial technique that, while dealing 1,000 points of damage to the enemy, dealt 800 to themselves. After using that attack, their entire person was drained.

They would never have used such a Secret Technique easily and did not even use it last time when they were ambushing Yang Kai; however, in order to land a good hit on an Eighth-Order Division Commander, they had no choice but to use such an attack.

However, the ambusher was smart. Despite having little strength left, they still used their hostile intent to ward off the injured Eighth-Order Master.

Only after confirming that the Division Commander had gone far away did they put down their longbow and lay limp on the ground, struggling to stuff some Spirit Pills into their mouth and refine them in order to restore some strength.

They did not stay in place for too long though since the previous attack had already revealed their whereabouts. They could not be sure whether that Eighth-Order Master would suddenly wheel around for a counterattack. If that were to happen, then they would definitely be powerless to resist.

So, when they regained a bit of their energy after a short rest, they stood up and tried to leave.

However, they had just begun to move when their heart suddenly jumped. They had a bad feeling that something terrible was about to happen.

This person reacted with great haste and twisted around to draw their bowstring. The bowstring whizzed and a golden light condensed.

At the same time, their body rose as they leapt backwards.

From the corner of their eye, they saw a figure appearing nearby, seemingly out of nowhere. The golden light struck that person in the chest and sent fresh blood bursting out, but the target did not stop and continued charging towards them. At the same time, a profound power spread out, locking the local space down.

The Black Ink Disciple was shocked.

After being tangled up with Yang Kai for many days, there was no way that they could not recognize his appearance. Only, this Black Ink Disciple could not understand how this guy actually appeared here. From how the current situation was developing, this person had clearly been here for a long time, just waiting for the moment they relaxed to strike.

Having seen his Instantaneous Movement before, there was no way they didn’t know Yang Kai was proficient in the Dao of Space. Now that the space around them had been locked down, it had to be this person’s doing.

In the time it took for them to think through this, Yang Kai had already crashed into them. Instantly, the Black Ink Disciple’s bones cracked as if they had been struck by an entire Universe World. It was not known how many bones broke at that moment, but they were seeing stars and a mist of blood had been spat out from their mouth. In an instant, their aura weakened considerably.

Despite being pursued by Yang Kai for so many days, they had never been this close before, so the Black Ink Disciple knew that life or death was at stake here. At once, they circulated the power of their Small Universe and swung their bow down at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai completely ignored this attack and instead wrapped his arms around the person, holding them tight in his arms and grinning, “Bastard, eat this!”

Saying so, he slammed his head down. Headbutting someone at this distance was the most effective way to deal damage. The reason he did so was that Yang Kai did not want any distance to build up between him and this person at all.

After having seen what this guy was capable of, Yang Kai knew well that if he were to let them escape his grasp, they might escape again.

With a thunderous bang, Yang Kai’s vision went dark, and the Black Ink Disciple’s head was thrown back, revealing the face which had been hidden under the hood the whole time in full view of Yang Kai.

It was shameful to think about it, but even after facing off against this Black Ink Disciple for so long, Yang Kai had not seen their face until now.

As their long hair flew up, a round face came into Yang Kai’s view. It seemed like the face of a young girl, cute with a bit of baby fat remaining.

[A girl?] Yang Kai was taken aback. That was when he noticed the full and elastic feeling which was pressing up against his chest.

The Black Ink Disciple’s forehead was all red and tears were flowing out from the corners of her eyes. With Yang Kai’s Dragonkin body, his physical body was incredibly strong, yet the impact was still enough to black out his vision, so nothing need be said about its effect on the Black Ink Disciple.

After two headbutts, her consciousness was shaken and she almost passed out.

Seeing this, Yang Kai quickly activated Purifying Light in order to disperse the Black Ink Strength in her body.

The reason why he rushed forward to grab her like this was because he planned to do this all along. Yang Kai never thought about killing her. All this while, Yang Kai had wanted to capture her alive so that he could cleanse the Black Ink Strength from her body.

After all, if such a powerful Seventh-Order Master could be saved, she would be of great help to the Human Race.

If he merely wanted to kill her, then Yang Kai could have easily killed her from afar by sending a powerful Divine Ability against her. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

However, before Yang Kai’s Purifying Light could come out, the Black Ink Disciple in his arms, who looked like she was about to pass out, suddenly bent her knee and slammed it upwards!

With a grunt, Yang Kai’s face went white!

Taking advantage of this opportunity, the Black Ink Disciple freed an arm and sent two fingers right at Yang Kai’s eyes.

In the nick of time, Yang Kai turned his head, but he could still feel her fingers scraping away a layer of skin from his cheek.

The pain caused anger to surge up inside of him, and he squeezed even harder. The Black Ink Disciple yelped as her body creaked with the sounds of bones breaking. There was even blood spilling out from the corner of her mouth. It seemed like it would only take a bit more force from this person in front of her and she would burst apart.

In a moment of fear, her fingers, elbows, even her teeth and head all become weapons that rained down attacks on Yang Kai.

At such a close distance, she attacked Yang Kai completely haphazardly.

A fierce light flashed past Yang Kai’s eyes. He understood that if he did not completely subdue her, then he would simply have no chance to use Purifying Light. So, he restrained her body with both arms and even wrapped his legs around hers to prevent her from targeting his weak spot again.

Following that, Yang Kai used another headbutt.

*Hong Hong Hong…*

Every clash between them was a competition between their Small Universe’s heritages. At first, the Black Ink Disciple was able to put up a little bit of a fight; however, after seven or eight more headbutts, her resistance gradually faded away.

Her close-quarter combat strength wasn’t bad, but everything was relative, not to mention the fact that Yang Kai had practically restrained all of her movements at this moment, stifling her options.

Moreover, she was already exhausted after that sneak attack on the Eighth-Order Human Master. The amount of energy she could restore from her brief respite was limited, while Yang Kai was almost at full strength.

It was obvious who had the advantage in this comparison.

Blood splattered out as Yang Kai’s headbutts turned the Black Ink Disciple’s forehead into a bloody mess. As he watched the Black Ink Disciple’s eyes go white as she fell unconscious, Yang Kai finally stopped.

He shook his head to dispel the dizziness gripping his body before sighing. Yang Kai felt even more exhausted from this than if he were to face an Eighth-Order Master.

Fortunately, the Black Ink Disciple in front of him seemed to have lost all energy to resist and had finally fallen under his capture.