Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5008, Zhu Feng

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

This time, Zhu Feng was badly injured and had to sleep inside a Black Ink Nest to heal, so there was nobody to stand up for Bai Yi. These Feudal Lords who had long been sour at the state of affairs would naturally want to teach Bai Yi a lesson and make her understand who her betters were.

That was what resulted in the sneak attack earlier, but they did not expect Bai Yi’s reaction to be so quick as to be able to avoid it, leaving her no worse for wear other than getting some dirt on her face.

Bai Yi’s unpleasant tone of voice angered the Feudal Lord who attacked her even more. When he was about to reprimand her again, he suddenly noticed Yang Kai behind her and asked in surprise, “You captured a Human?”

The other two Feudal Lords also had curious looks on their faces as they looked over.

Bai Yi specialized in long-distance attacks after all, so generally, any opponent she targeted would end up dead. She had never brought one back as a captive before, so there was no way that these three Feudal Lords would not think it strange when they saw this today.

The first Feudal Lord frowned, “What cultivation does this guy have?”

Yang Kai’s power was restricted by Bai Yi’s Secret Technique, so the Feudal Lords were completely unable to sense his cultivation.

Bai Yi frowned, but after hesitating for a moment, she revealed, “Seventh Order!”

“Seventh Order!?” The eyes of the three Feudal Lords lit up upon hearing this, and they all looked at Yang Kai with a burning gaze.

A Human in the Seventh Order was the equivalent to a Feudal Lord in the Black Ink Clan. When it came to a one-on-one fight, the Feudal Lords were basically no match for Seventh-Order Humans. Not being defeated by them was already good enough, much less capturing one alive.

Capturing a Seventh-Order Master would count as a great merit for any Feudal Lord, no matter whether they were turning them into their own Black Ink Disciples or offering them up to the Territory Lord they served. Both options would boost the power of the Black Ink Clan in general.

“Where is Master?” Bai Yi asked. Though she was almost certain that Zhu Feng was recovering here, she still had to make sure that everything was in order before she acted.

The Feudal Lord who spoke previously had a glimmer in his eyes as he grinned and said, “Sir returned with severe injuries and is currently resting in the Black Ink Nest. He is not to be disturbed. Bai Yi, hand that Seventh-Order Human you captured over to me. Once Sir is awake, I will present him to Sir.”

Saying so, he tried to reach for Yang Kai.

As he moved though, Bai Yi suddenly drew her bowstring and a faint golden light appeared, aiming straight for the Feudal Lord’s forehead.

The Feudal Lord’s hand froze in mid-air as he glared at Bai Yi, “What is the meaning of this?!”

Bai Yi glared at him and returned the sentiment, “What are your intentions?”

The Feudal Lord said, “I believe I’ve made my point very clear. As for you… Do you intend to kill me? Why don’t you try and make a move? Then we’ll see whether or not Sir will let you off!”

Bai Yi was unmoved, “You’ll already be dead by then. What does it matter to you whether Master decides to spare me or not?”

Her words implied that she was capable of killing this Feudal Lord. The Feudal Lord felt disdained and flew into a rage, “Trivial Black Ink Disciple, how dare you act so impudently?!”

Bai Yi’s voice was cold, “Open your dog eyes and take a good look at the situation. Do you really think you can snatch the credit for my merits?”

Yang Kai, who had been behind Bai Yi this whole time, felt a mixture of both a headache and anxiety piling on in this situation.

They had known that things would definitely not go exactly according to their plans, so they were ready to improvise a bit; however, neither of them expected to be provoked by these Feudal Lords before they could even see Zhu Feng.

The Feudal Lords in front of them were clearly intent on snatching away Bai Yi’s achievement. For a Seventh-Order Human to be captured alive meant that Zhu Feng would have a new Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple under his command, which was a great merit. Naturally, the Feudal Lords were all eager to take the credit for themselves.

Normally, they would be capable of doing such a thing; however, Zhu Feng was currently asleep in the Black Ink Nest in order to recuperate and was completely oblivious to the world outside. They just had to snatch Yang Kai away and force Bai Yi out of this Sealed World, and the credit would be all theirs.

This gave Yang Kai a headache.

Moreover, the presence of Black Ink Strength inside this Sealed World made him anxious. Even though it was not very dense, it was still Black Ink Strength.

Anyone inside this Sealed World would constantly be exposed to Black Ink Strength. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Yang Kai was fine as he carried a World Spring, so even if Black Ink Strength did encroach into his body, it would be suppressed perfectly, rendering it harmless.

However, Bai Yi was different. Once her Small Universe was corrupted to a certain extent, she would turn back into a Black Ink Disciple.

Yet at this moment, she did not dare to use any of her power to resist the encroachment of the Black Ink Strength either, for if she chose to do so, then it would inevitably arouse the suspicions of the Feudal Lords in front of her.

As she tangled with the Feudal Lords, she could only allow the Black Ink Strength to infiltrate her body.

Yang Kai had no idea how long she could hold out in this situation, but it would not be long. Once Bai Yi became a Black Ink Disciple again, not only would their plans be ruined, he would fall into danger.

It was clear that Bai Yi understood this, too. So, even though she would normally compromise when the Feudal Lords tried to bully and suppress her, she was exceptionally firm today, which made the Feudal Lords very angry.

With just a few words, a storm began gathering.

As she gripped her bow tight, Bai Yi looked up in a certain direction where a huge flower bud-like object stood. The flower bud seemed to have a life of its own, and as it breathed in and out, Black Ink Strength emerged from it, spreading out in all directions.

That flower bud was the source of the Black Ink Strength that filled this Sealed World.

A Black Ink Nest!

Yang Kai had lived in the Black Ink Clan’s territory for two years and followed Nu Yan to many Feudal Lords’ territories. He had seen many Black Ink Nests, so this was not an unfamiliar sight.

Black Ink Nests were where new Black Ink Clansmen were born, as well as the very foundation of their existence, which meant they were critical to the Black Ink Clan. Usually, Black Ink Nests could only be found in large enough territories controlled by powerful masters.

Nu Yan, the High-Rank Black Ink Clansman Yang Kai had followed around, not only did he not have his own territory, but he did not have his own Black Ink Nest. Naturally, one would not have the right to possess such things without the appropriate power and status.

Zhu Feng was a Territory Lord, so it was not difficult for him to get a Black Ink Nest and set it up in this place.

After the shocking battle with Xu Bo Liang, Zhu Feng was severely injured and immediately returned to this place, entering the Black Ink Nest so that he could enter a deep sleep to heal.

This was confirmed through the words of the Feudal Lords.

So, as Bai Yi looked over in that direction, she grabbed Yang Kai and rushed towards the Black Ink Nest, “I will offer the captive myself. You don’t have to concern yourselves with him.”

The three Feudal Lords paled when they saw this and one of them called out in alarm, “Sir is currently recuperating and is not to be disturbed!”

Saying so, he threw a fist out in Bai Yi’s direction in an attempt to stop her.

Bai Yi’s actions were all planned out though. She had long expected such a move from them, so as soon as she saw the attack coming, her body shifted aside, easily avoiding the blow.

And, in a haste to strike, and because of his grudge against Bai Yi, the Feudal Lord had acted rashly. After Bai Yi dodged his strike, it simply continued on towards the Black Ink Nest.

When he saw this, the Feudal Lord felt shocked, as if his soul could leave his body.

The other two Feudal Lords also felt chills run up their spines in that instant.

Everyone watched in horror as the huge power of his punch struck the Black Ink Nest.

*Hong…*

The three Feudal Lords felt like this punch had struck them, rather than the Black Ink Nest. They could feel their hearts clenching and cold sweat was now dripping down their foreheads.

Bai Yi floated in mid-air, a cold smile lingering on her lips as she watched the disgraceful looks of the three Feudal Lords.

The flower bud-like Black Ink Nest’s breathing stopped after being struck, but it was not too badly damaged. Of course, a tidal wave of Black Ink Strength was released after the violent impact.

The dormant aura inside of the Black Ink Nest quickly awoke, followed by a powerful Divine Sense that swept through the entire Sealed World that held a strong sense of alarm and unease.

Zhu Feng was in a state of trepidation at the moment. He was deep asleep and borrowing the Black Ink Nest’s power to recover; however, after being disturbed all of a sudden, his first thought was that the Humans had found him and launched an attack on his nest, so it was unsurprising that he would be so anxious.

In his current state, it would not be good for him if the Human Masters were to appear.

After his Divine Sense swept over the Sealed World though, Zhu Feng realized that things were not as he thought they were.

The three Feudal Lords who were watching over the Sealed World were all on one knee, shaking with pale faces. Meanwhile, his most capable subordinate, the Human Bai Yi, was floating in the air, looking down at the three of them with a sneer on her face.

Looking at the situation and considering the attack that struck his Black Ink Nest earlier, Zhu Feng instantly understood what happened.

If he were at full strength, then he would not have let anyone who disturbed his healing live, but he was still recovering from his injuries right now and had to rely on these loyal subordinates to guard him. So, it was not advisable for him to cause a fuss in case he lost the trust of his men.

After forcing down the anger welling up inside of him, Zhu Feng shouted in a majestic voice, “What is the meaning of this?”

Yang Kai, who was being carried by Bai Yi, raised his brow at that. Though Zhu Feng’s voice sounded extremely imposing, it could not hide the weakness hidden within. It could be seen that Zhu Feng was indeed very badly injured during the fight with Xu Bo Liang, especially when he tried to run away at the end. The might of Xu Bo Liang’s final slash almost cut his entire back open.

That attack from Xu Bo Liang must have damaged Zhu Feng’s foundation.

The three kneeling Feudal Lords remained silent. It was hard for them to explain the situation as there was no way they could say that they tried to cause trouble for Bai Yi and snatch her merit, which ended with them accidentally hitting the Black Ink Nest and disturbing Zhu Feng’s recovery.

If they did tell him that, then there was no need for them to show their faces in front of Zhu Feng anymore in the future.

“Have you all gone mute?” Zhu Feng became even more annoyed when he saw this, so he called one of them up by name, “Bai Yi, speak.”

The faces of the three Feudal Lords turned ashen at once.

Bai Yi said in a crisp voice, “Master, I have captured a Seventh-Order Human, but these three Feudal Lords did not feel assured about him and had intentions of trying to test him. However, they did not expect to accidentally disturb Master’s rest. Please forgive them.”

At these words, the three Feudal Lords kneeling on the ground were all stunned. They thought that Bai Yi would try to add insult to injury here, but here she was trying to stand up for them, which did not make any sense.

But on second thought, even if Bai Yi really did reveal the truth, the Territory Lord would not have done anything to them given his current condition. Instead, it would only make the three of them hate Bai Yi even more.

Rather than do that, she might as well have them owe her a favour instead.