Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5010, Outwardly Strong But Inwardly Weak

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Following the loud noise, the huge flower bud-like Black Ink Nest shook as if it had received a violent hit, and a strange, dazzling white light seemed to burst out from the gaps inside the flower bud, giving the three Feudal Lords an extremely dangerous feeling.

The white light seemed like their natural enemy. Even from such a long distance away, the Black Ink Strength inside of their bodies was conveying a sense of unease to them.

Immediately following that, they heard the raging roar of their Territory Lord.

As the violent energy exploded, the Black Ink Nest crumbled and several flower petals flew out, wilting and losing all their vitality before they could even reach the ground.

[The Black Ink Nest was destroyed?]

It had to be known just how important a Black Ink Nest was to the Black Ink Clan. The one here had been quietly brought over after much effort and expense from Zhu Feng. Now, its destruction was an immense loss for him.

All three of the Feudal Lords were terrified. They simply had no idea what had happened at their Territory Lord’s side for such a thing to happen.

However, it happened after Bai Yi brought the Human into the Black Ink Nest, so it was obvious that this had something to do with her.

Before they could figure out what happened, two figures flew out from the remains of the Black Ink Nest. While racing towards the Black Ink Nest, the three Feudal Lords looked over and discovered that the two figures were Bai Yi and the Human that she had ‘captured’.

They were both in a terrible state and were tumbling through the air while coughing up blood. It was clear that they were both wounded. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Inside the crumbling Black Ink Nest, Zhu Feng roared in rage, “Traitor! How dare you defy this Lord’s will!”

The roar could be heard all throughout the Sealed World. When a Territory Lord unleashed their anger, Worlds trembled.

Following his roar, a large figure rose from the destroyed Black Ink Nest. It was Zhu Feng. Only, he was clearly in bad shape at this moment. His aura was strong at times but weak at others, a sign that he had been seriously injured.

In fact, he was badly injured by Xu Bo Liang to begin with and had yet to recover since escaping back into this Sealed World before falling for Yang Kai and Bai Yi’s ploy. Suffering Purifying Light, Golden Crow Casts the Sun, and Bai Yi’s arrow technique yet not dying on the spot was already proof enough of how immense this man’s heritage was, but it would still inevitably compound his injuries.

At this moment, Zhu Feng could not even bring out half of his peak strength.

Yang Kai finally understood what the phrase, even a starving camel was larger than a horse, meant. Originally in their plan, if they failed to kill Zhu Feng with their initial attack, it would still at least be able to take half of his life. As long as they could cripple him and leave him half-dead, then with their combined strength, the two of them would have a good chance of winning the subsequent battle.

However, Zhu Feng’s strength was beyond their expectation. Though their surprise attack hit him hard, it did not achieve their desired effect and they had already exposed themselves. They could only charge forward now, as there was no turning back. Either their enemy died here, or they did.

Anger tumbled inside Zhu Feng’s chest. Compared to being attacked by Yang Kai, he was even angrier at Bai Yi’s betrayal. Bai Yi had been following him for many years and had rendered many meritorious deeds for him. Just days ago, if it were not for Bai Yi helping him from the shadows, he would not have been able to escape from Xu Bo Liang’s grasp.

Moreover, Bai Yi was truly very strong and Zhu Feng had treated her very well over the years, valuing her much more than the Feudal Lords under his command.

Back then, when he converted Bai Yi into his Black Ink Disciple, her Small Universe had been incomplete. Generally, every Black Ink Disciple’s Small Universe was damaged as a result of them giving up on parts of it in order to save themselves when Black Ink Strength invaded their bodies once or even several times before they were converted into Black Ink Disciples.

As a result, not only did their strength decrease, and their progress in the Martial Dao stall, but their incomplete Small Universes made them less and less able to resist the encroachment of Black Ink Strength, leaving them much more vulnerable to being converted into Black Ink Disciples.

Bai Yi had sacrificed parts of her Small Universe twice during the war before finally falling into Zhu Feng’s hands and transforming into one of his Black Ink Disciples.

After converting Bai Yi, Zhu Feng realised her potential and had even specifically searched for and obtained a Profound Yin Spirit Fruit for her so that she could repair her damaged Small Universe and regain her full strength.

Profound Yin Spirit Fruits were in great demand not only on the Human side but also among the Black Ink Clan. The Black Ink Clansmen themselves were unable to use Profound Yin Spirit Fruits, but they needed them for the Black Ink Disciples under their command.

As a Territory Lord, it was not difficult for Zhu Feng to find a Profound Yin Spirit Fruit for Bai Yi; however, the price he had to pay for it was still not small.

So, he could not understand why Bai Yi would betray him! Or rather, how she could have done so?!

When he thought of the dazzling and pure white light though, Zhu Feng had the vague feeling that it might be the key to everything. When that white light emerged, the Black Ink Strength in his body squirmed with unease, as if it had met with its nemesis.

That white light had a purifying effect on Black Ink Strength!

That must have been the Human Race’s method for resisting Black Ink Strength, which is also the reason why no Black Ink Disciples had appeared in recent years. When he thought about that, Zhu Feng was shocked. If the Humans had grasped such a technique, then the Black Ink Clan’s advantage would be gone in the future.

If the Humans had such a technique, then how could the Black Ink Clan resist from now on?

As he roared, Zhu Feng raised his hand and pushed his strength wildly.

In that instant, whether it be Yang Kai or Bai Yi, both of them felt a tingle on their skin, a sign of impending danger.

Yang Kai cursed in his heart. How could Zhu Feng still be so powerful even after incurring so much damage? How strong would he be if he were at his peak, and how strong was Xu Bo Liang to be able to hurt him?

But in the next instant, Zhu Feng suddenly coughed up ink-black blood, and the power that had soared up fiercely dissipated again.

His injuries were truly too serious. During that ambush earlier, he had used up all of his strength in a desperate attempt to fight back, and now he was powerless to do anything more.

Yang Kai’s eyes lit up at this. How could he not realize that while the enemy appeared strong on the outside, he was in fact dried up on the inside? What were they waiting for? If they did not kill him now, then when?

The change happened too quickly, and it was only a matter of breaths between the initial ambush and Zhu Feng’s counter-attack.

In an instant, Yang Kai stabilized his tumbling body. He had no time to check on his own injuries and instead raised the Azure Dragon Spear in his hands, stabbing it straight in Zhu Feng’s direction while shouting, “Suffer death!”

All the strength in Yang Kai’s body had been poured into that spear thrust. Even though it was nothing fancy, or blessed with any Secret Technique or Divine Ability, this spear was still Heaven-destroying and Earth-shattering.

The World Force inside of the Small Universe in Yang Kai’s body was pouring like mad into the Azure Dragon Spear. His entire being transformed into a stream of light that charged towards Zhu Feng’s face.

Yang Kai’s spear, which contained such intense power, was blocked by a thick flower petal. However, it shattered the flower petal, and the residual force still struck Zhu Feng, which caused the latter to spit blood once more, but not enough to kill him on the spot.

The thing which blocked his spear was a piece of the Black Ink Nest.

Their initial exchange of blows had severely damaged the Black Ink Nest, but at this moment, Zhu Feng’s body was rapidly sinking into the centre of what remained of it. Following his descent, the damaged Black Ink Nest closed up again, transforming into a bud that wrapped Zhu Feng completely into its centre.

Even without actively inspecting it, Yang Kai could clearly feel the power contained in the Black Ink Nest converging rapidly into Zhu Feng’s body. And, as the power drained away, the Black Ink Nest also rapidly withered while Zhu Feng’s aura rapidly recovered.

Yang Kai had no idea what sort of Secret Technique that was, but it was clear that the Black Ink Nest was healing Zhu Feng. It seemed like Zhu Feng was being pushed to a desperate point and had no choice but to do this.

“Kill them, kill them all!” Zhu Feng bellowed from within the Black Ink Nest.

Following his raging roar, three large figures charged towards Yang Kai and Bai Yi at the same time. It was the three Feudal Lords who had arrived late after hearing the commotion.

In fact, they were not slow. They had already charged over as quickly as they could, but everything happened so suddenly and the initial exchange lasted mere moments, which made it seem as if they had arrived late to the rescue.

Three Feudal Lords rushed over, one charging towards Bai Yi while two charged at Yang Kai with a clear division of labour.

It was not that they were underestimating Bai Yi. On the contrary, they were more afraid of her than Yang Kai because they had worked with each other for so many years and knew what she was capable of better than anyone.

So, it would take the combined power of the three of them in order to take down Bai Yi.

The Feudal Lord who was charging for Bai Yi did not expect to be able to kill her alone. His task was merely to delay her and occupy her attention to prevent her from shooting her arrows, allowing his two clansmen to kill Yang Kai first.

Yang Kai was greatly dismayed to sense the two auras charging over from both sides of him as he and Bai Yi definitely could not allow Zhu Feng the time to recover from his injuries. No matter what Secret Technique Zhu Feng was using, as he was draining the potential of the Black Ink Nest, the healing effect must be extraordinary. Once he was given the time to breathe, then killing him would become difficult.

However, with two Feudal Lords coming at him, he could not just ignore them either.

Thus, Yang Kai turned around hastily and thrust his spear towards the two Feudal Lords.

In the next instant, Yang Kai grunted and could not stop his body from flying back several thousand meters. Even the hand holding his spear was trembling slightly.

Under normal circumstances, Yang Kai would naturally not fear facing two Feudal Lords together; however, whether it be him or Bai Yi, the counter-attack from Zhu Feng during their ambush hurt them, so in this exchange, his injuries were enough to affect his performance.

However, he still did not eat too much of a loss after clashing with the enemy. The two Feudal Lords were similarly sent skidding back a dozen steps, and a long cut could be seen on the waist of one of them.

The wounded Feudal Lord could not help but feel shocked when he looked down at himself.

He thought that two Feudal Lords joining hands would definitely be able to take down their injured opponent, but how could they have anticipated that this opponent’s strength was not below Bai Yi’s. In fact, this man could prove to be even more difficult to deal with than Bai Yi!

If he had not dodged quickly enough just now, that spear would have stabbed right through him.

The wounded Feudal Lord was still gawking at his own injury when his comrade next to him paled and shouted, “He’s coming, don’t get distracted!”

Looking up, the Feudal Lord saw the spear of the Seventh-Order Human who was forced back piercing at them again, suffused with intense killing intent.

The two Feudal Lords immediately separated from each other and began to counter-attack. After just several breaths of time though, they were both secretly wailing inside. This Seventh-Order Human was simply insane, fighting desperately with no regard for his own life as soon as he came at them, as if he meant to take them down even if it meant his own death! Under such a fierce assault, even the two Feudal Lords who had worked together for many years were put into a desperate situation. In just a few moments, all three of them were bruised and battered.