Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5011, Joining Forces to Kill the Enemy

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Within the Sealed World, following Zhu Feng’s envelopment by the bud-like Black Ink Nest, the battlefield was split into two, one side being Yang Kai facing off against two Feudal Lords on his own, and the other side being Bai Yi alone with the other Feudal Lord.

The Feudal lord who was holding down Bai Yi knew of the might of her archery skills, so he stuck to her like maggots on rotting bones, not giving her the opportunity to shoot any of her arrows. As long as they were in the same Order, if Bai Yi could put some distance between her and her enemy, then nobody could be her opponent.

At this moment, this Feudal Lord was wailing in anguish inside. Even though he knew all this while that Bai Yi was strong, it was not until he truly faced off with her that he realized that he had underestimated her all this while. Even in close quarters, and with her already being injured from their Territory Lord’s counterattack, he was still a little lacking compared to her.

He was both shocked and enraged by this. If things continued like this, he would not be able to last even half of a cup of tea’s time, and his fate would be in jeopardy.

Suddenly, Bai Yi drew her longbow, and a golden light emerged. Shocked, the Feudal Lord quickly lunged over and threw a fierce punch in her direction.

He had not expected his fist to do anything to Bai Yi, but she seemed unprepared for his punch and it sent her flying, fresh blood spewing from her mouth.

Rather than be pleased with his success, the Feudal Lord was shocked and exclaimed, “Not good!”

As he quickly looked back, a golden light had already broken through the barrier of space and hit one of the other Feudal Lords square in the chest, piercing through to the other side. Following the pained roar from the wounded Feudal Lord, a fierce force exploded a hole in his chest.

Bai Yi’s arrow was not aimed at him, but rather at his companion who was engaged in battle with the other Human!

This Feudal Lord could not understand why Bai Yi would act in such a way, preferring to take a direct hit from him in order to help take pressure off the other Human; however, before he could figure that out, his nerves suddenly clenched, and a great sense of crisis shrouded him.

When he looked up in haste, he was mortified by what he saw. Bai Yi, who had gained distance from him, was aiming her bow at him with a golden light that was pointed straight between his brow.

With a roar, the rich Black Ink Strength inside of the Feudal Lord’s body instantly turned into a Black Ink Cloud that covered his figure.

The golden light shot into the Black Ink Cloud, and then a muffled sound was heard.

At the same time, after receiving assistance from Bai Yi, who had heavily injured one of the Feudal Lords with her arrow, much pressure was alleviated from Yang Kai’s side. Originally, two Feudal Lords joining hands was enough to put up a fight with him, but now that one of them was severely injured, cracks immediately began showing in their defence.

Naturally, Yang Kai would not miss such a good opportunity. The Azure Dragon Spear transformed into a towering spear shadow. As he moved, the spear shadow passed through the centre of the two Feudal Lords’ large bodies.

*Chi…*

Following the sound, the head of the Feudal Lord who had been injured burst open, filling the air with his blood. His headless body swayed a few times before falling to the ground.

The remaining Feudal Lord was also battered and bruised, and when he saw his companion die just like that, he became frightened and tried to flee.

The space around him suddenly turned viscous, making each step excruciatingly difficult. A murderous intent hit him from behind, and he felt a slight pain in his back while his body shook. When he looked down, he saw that a spear had pierced through his body.

Horror filled his eyes and he reached out to grip the tip of the spear, hoping to pull it out of himself; however, in the next moment, a violent shockwave was released from the spear.

In an instant, the Feudal Lord’s five viscera and six organs turned to ash, and his entire body burst apart. Ink-black blood and gore showered down on Yang Kai, covering him in filth.

It was not an easy task, killing a Feudal Lord, especially with two of them joining forces. It was enough for them to put up a fight against Yang Kai. Even if Yang Kai was able to kill them off in the end, it would surely cost him and waste a lot of time.

However, with Bai Yi’s help, Yang Kai was able to kill the first Feudal Lord without much difficulty, and when the other Feudal Lord became timid and tried to flee, it gave him a good opportunity to strike.

Without stopping, Yang Kai pulled back his spear and turned around to see Bai Yi floating pale-faced in the air a short distance away, fresh blood staining the corners of her mouth and her chest. Her longbow was drawn slightly, pointing into the Black Ink Cloud.

There was still the aura of one Feudal Lord inside of the Black Ink Cloud. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The last Feudal Lord was wounded by Bai Yi and did not dare to fight her in the open, so he had no choice but to hide away in the Black Ink Cloud to drag things out. Due to the interference of the Black Ink Cloud, Bai Yi was unable to pinpoint his position exactly, so she merely kept her bow drawn as a deterrent.

Body shifting, Yang Kai dove straight into the Black Ink Cloud.

In the next moment, the Feudal Lord’s howl emanated from the Black Ink Cloud, and the sound of them clashing could be heard from within. World Force and Black Ink Strength collided together like a violent storm.

Another dozen breaths of time passed before the noise subsided.

Yang Kai shot out of the Black Ink Cloud with ink-black blood dripping from his spear. The aura of the Feudal Lord inside of the Black Ink Cloud had been extinguished. It was clear that he had been killed.

In a flash, he appeared next to Bai Yi. Stabbing his spear into the ground, Yang Kai’s left and right hands glowed in two different colors.

“Ignore me, hurry and kill Zhu Feng!” Bai Yi put down her longbow and mustered with difficulty, “It will be too late if we delay any longer.”

Yang Kai ignored her and said indifferently, “I don’t want to have to fight you again.” As his hands joined together, the two coloured lights transformed into a dazzling white light that enveloped Bai Yi.

At this moment, Bai Yi’s pale face was already covered in a layer of Black Ink Strength. Flashes of black even appeared in her eyes occasionally, a clear sign that she had been invaded.

In fact, she had been enduring the corruption of Black Ink Strength since they entered this Sealed World. By the time they were facing Zhu Feng, she had almost reached her limit on the amount of corruption she could endure and was about to turn into a Black Ink Disciple.

She held on desperately to the last shred of clarity in her senses, and only then was she able to keep herself sane.

When Yang Kai activated Purifying Light in front of Zhu Feng, it was able to deal heavy damage to the latter, but at the same time, it also helped Bai Yi to dispel some of the Black Ink Strength inside of her Small Universe, alleviating the pressure on her.

However, the Purifying Light was not directed at her that time, so it was unable to dispel all of the Black Ink Strength.

After that, the two of them were wounded by Zhu Feng’s counterattack and then fought with three Feudal Lords, further worsening her condition. If Yang Kai did not help her cleanse the Black Ink Strength in her Small Universe now, then it would take less than half an incense stick of time before she would turn back into a Black Ink Disciple.

Yang Kai could not let that happen; otherwise, if he were surrounded and attacked by both Bai Yi and Zhu Feng at the same time, even he would have to flee for his life.

As Purifying Light enveloped her, Bai Yi let out a slight grunt as the Black Ink Strength escaped from her body before turning into nothing, and the struggling look on her face gradually disappeared.

Several breaths later, Bai Yi opened her eyes, which had regained their clarity, and nodded lightly at Yang Kai. Her aura was still weak, obviously a sign of how severe her injuries were.

Yang Kai picked up his Azure Dragon Spear once more and turned around to look at the Black Ink Nest, which had closed up tight. Bai Yi stepped forward and stood shoulder-to-shoulder with him.

The two figures, one tall and one short, were both battered and bruised, but their gazes were as determined as ever.

“Kill!” Yang Kai shouted as his body flickered. By the time he reappeared, he was already above the Black Ink Nest.

Descending like a meteor while pouring his strength into the Azure Dragon Spear, a great sun emerged and the sound of a Golden Crow’s cry echoed across the Sealed World.

Not far away where Bai Yi stood, one by one, golden lights like stars fanned out and shot towards the Black Ink Nest in a swarm.

The flower bud-like Black Ink Nest was like a living creature, and after wrapping Zhu Feng into itself, it began to beat like a heart. As the Black Ink Nest pulsed, Zhu Feng’s aura was gradually recovering.

At this moment, when Yang Kai and Bai Yi joined hands to launch their attacks, the Black Ink Nest pulsed even more rapidly, as if it could sense the impending danger.

The entire Black Ink Nest suddenly expelled large amounts of Black Ink Strength that practically dyed the entire area black.

In the darkness where one could not even see their fingers in front of them, the Great Sun shone brightly, dispelling the darkness.

*Hong Hong Hong…*

A series of violent bangs rang out.

The Black Ink Nest shook, and the fierce energy fluctuations caused the entire Sealed World to shake.

Yang Kai thrust his spear thirteen times in a row, each attack containing all of his strength. Supported by Bai Yi’s long-range attacks, the entire Black Ink Nest was blasted into a mess.

Inside of the Black Ink Nest, Zhu Feng’s aura rapidly weakened until it became nought.

Yang Kai retrieved his spear and stood in the void, staring down in amazement below him.

[Is it over?] It was simply unbelievable, but as far as his Divine Sense could tell, Zhu Feng’s aura had indeed become so weak that it was practically a candle in the wind that was about to die out at any moment.

Turning his head to look at Bai Yi, he saw that Bai Yi was similarly astonished, obviously not expecting such a situation.

But on second thought, this was not so strange. Zhu Feng had already suffered a huge loss from Xu Bo Liang that forced him to run all the way here in order to recover. Then, he was also struck by the Purifying Light.

It had to be known that Purifying Light was the natural enemy of Black Ink Strength. To have been hit at such a close distance while being severely injured to begin with, Zhu Feng’s foundation had to be damaged.

Even though Yang Kai had no idea what sort of technique Zhu Feng used to suck up the energy inside of the Black Ink Nest to heal himself, it had barely been half a cup of tea’s time since it began, so it must not have been too effective.

Even Zhu Feng may not have expected his three Feudal Lord subordinates to be killed so quickly by Yang Kai and Bai Yi. He was originally hoping that his three subordinates would be able to buy him some time.

Unexpectedly, the three Feudal Lords barely provided any help and were killed one after another.

With this, he had little time to heal and could not withstand the ferocious attacks of Yang Kai and Bai Yi.

Though extremely weak, Zhu Feng’s aura had not truly perished yet. As Yang Kai was about to make preparations to finish the job, he suddenly heard a soft *dong* from the ruined Black Ink Nest below.

It sounded like the beating of a heart, strong and powerful.

Following that sound, Yang Kai felt his own heart throb uncontrollably, and he was overtaken by dizziness for a moment.

A terrifying aura quickly resurfaced from the Black Ink Nest below.