Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5012, Power of a Territory Lord

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

By the time the aura was restored, Bai Yi’s astonished shout rang out, “Senior Brother, watch out!”

Yang Kai had already released a ferocious spear downwards.

*Hua la…*

A large hand suddenly emerged from the ruined Black Ink Nest and grabbed at Yang Kai.

The Azure Dragon Spear’s sharpness was unparalleled, and with Yang Kai pouring all his strength into it, it appeared even more unstoppable. The might of the spear pierced right through the hand, bringing ink-black blood out of it.

However, the hand did not flinch in the slightest and clenched fiercely.

With nowhere to escape, Yang Kai was shocked to find that he could not avoid the hand. In a moment of distraction, he and his spear were caught.

A terrifying force struck his body and all his bones creaked, forming countless cracks.

He tried his best to shake his spear and pushed all the World Force in his Small Universe, blowing a hole into the palm of the large hand. At the same time, a golden arrow of light flashed over, piercing into the wrist of the hand.

With the combined efforts of both Yang Kai and Bai Yi, the grip on Yang Kai finally loosened slightly, allowing him the chance to quickly break free and back away, putting some distance between him and the Black Ink Nest.

As he struggled to stabilize himself, Yang Kai’s face flashed red and he spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. Even though his aura wilted a little, his general situation improved considerably.

Ever since the recovering aura inside the Black Ink Nest began to rise gradually, it surpassed the state that Yang Kai first saw Zhu Feng in, and he was now approaching his peak state.

Both Yang Kai and Bai Yi were shocked.

However, the rising power soon reached a plateau. Though it was powerful, it was not enough to cause them to lose hope.

As they looked over, a pair of large hands emerged from the tattered Black Ink Nest, pushing left and right, tearing it open. Zhu Feng’s giant body reemerged before their eyes.

At this moment, Zhu Feng’s entire body was soaking wet, as if he had just emerged from his mother’s womb as a newborn, and the sticky liquid was dripping down his body, converging into a puddle at his feet.

The ruined Black Ink Nest had already crumbled into dust. Clearly, all the power contained within it had been completely devoured by Zhu Feng.

After being pierced through in the palm by Yang Kai’s Azure Dragon Spear, a large gaping hole had been left; however, the flesh around the wound writhed and began rapidly healing.

Zhu Feng gently clenched his fist before turning his dark eyes in Yang Kai and Bai Yi’s direction. A menacing voice rumbled, “Ants, you have succeeded in angering this Lord! I will let you taste a fate worse than death!”

As he spoke, a fist punched out towards the two of them.

Yang Kai and Bai Yi’s faces paled. One holding a spear and the other a bow, they joined forces to block the attack.

The overwhelming power coming from the front caused the two of them to be violently thrown back. Bai Yi’s petite body tumbled through the air as her bones audibly cracked. Even though Yang Kai had a sturdy physique, he still received the blow badly. It felt like his five viscera and six organs were all knocked out of place as he was blown backwards to a mountain more than a dozen kilometres away, embedding deeply into it and spitting out a mouthful of fresh blood as his face turned as pale as a sheet of paper.

It was merely one punch, but it enlightened Yang Kai to the enormous disparity between Zhu Feng and himself. This guy had used some kind of Secret Technique in order to squeeze out the power of the Black Ink Nest and rapidly heal himself, allowing him to return to almost peak condition.

Even if Yang Kai and Bai Yi were at their peaks, they still may not have been able to resist such an opponent, much less in their current state.

Yang Kai and Bai Yi were already bruised and battered from their previous encounters, greatly reducing their strength. In just a single exchange, the two of them suffered a huge loss.

In such a dangerous situation though, Yang Kai’s fighting spirit soared rather than withered. Even though his face was pale, his eyes were frighteningly bright.

He had no idea what sort of Secret Technique it was that Zhu Feng used to restore his energy, but the stronger the Secret Technique, the greater the backlash. That was common sense!

In other words, there was no way Zhu Feng could maintain this state for long. As long as he and Bai Yi could hold out, when the backlash of Zhu Feng’s technique hit him, his might would crumble on its own.

The two of them understood this in theory, but would they be able to hold on until then? Perhaps the two of them would be killed by Zhu Feng before that.

However, this was a rare opportunity; moreover, Yang Kai had already performed Purifying Light in front of Zhu Feng. Zhong Liang had warned him to never use Purifying Light in front of the Black Ink Clan, but if he did, he had to kill all the witnesses so that word of the technique would not leak out. If the Black Ink Clan knew about Yang Kai and his means to resist Black Ink Strength, he would surely become a target. When that time came, the Humans would no longer allow him to leave Blue Sky Pass for his own safety.

So, no matter the cost, Yang Kai felt that he had to fight. It would be for the best if he could kill Zhu Feng, but if that was truly impossible, then he would have to take Bai Yi with him and escape. As for whether or not they could successfully flee, he could only do his best and leave the rest up to fate.

As these thoughts flashed through his mind, Yang Kai freed himself from the mountain and with a flare of Space Principles, he arrived before Bai Yi in one step.

At the same time, Zhu Feng threw a punch at Bai Yi while she was still shaken and powerless to resist. She was certainly powerful and fought well in her previous exchanges with Yang Kai, making him expend a lot of effort to take her down; however, she did not have Yang Kai’s powerful heritage in the end, much less a World Spring to stabilize and protect her Small Universe.

Not only did Zhu Feng’s punch send her flying, but it also shook her Small Universe badly, leaving her strength in disarray. She was still dizzy, so she was simply unable to defend herself.

Zhu Feng seemed to hate Bai Yi even more for her betrayal, so he planned to take care of her first before going after Yang Kai.

When his fist came out, a figure suddenly appeared. It was Yang Kai, here to save her. Zhu Feng sneered as the might of his fist did not reduce, but instead turned even fiercer. Even if the Universe itself stood in his way, he would still blow it to pieces to exact his revenge.

A flurry of spear shadows came out, but they were no hindrance to the approaching fist.

Yang Kai was forced back again and again, with a mist of blood being beaten from his body with each step back.

After retreating a dozen steps, he hooked his leg up, swinging Bai Yi, who was by his feet, away into the distance. At the same time, he was unable to resist Zhu Feng’s punch any longer and was sent flying like a paper kite. He was seeing stars, and his right arm, which held his spear, had been bent out of shape, clearly a sign that it had been broken.

However, it was fortunate that Bai Yi had already been sent away and was temporarily out of harm’s way. Instead, he was now the one in danger.

“You like saving people, do you? Then I’ll kill you first!” Zhu Feng roared and spread his hand open, bringing it down on Yang Kai’s head.

All light in front of him was shrouded in darkness, and Yang Kai’s eyes were simultaneously covered in blood. At a time when he had no strength left, he was simply incapable of dodging that blow.

As the huge palm was about to slam down on him though, a golden light suddenly shot over from the side. Bai Yi had managed to stabilize herself and fired a series of arrows to save Yang Kai at the crucial moment.

These arrows were filled with her resolve, and their power was without question. If Zhu Feng was intent on killing Yang Kai, then Bai Yi’s attack would surely take advantage of it.

As a noble Territory Lord, Zhu Feng was obviously unwilling to trade lives with Yang Kai; so, without hesitation, he turned around and blocked the golden light.

Boundless Black Ink Strength poured out, and the might of the golden lights that were pushing forward with overwhelming momentum were greatly hindered. Zhu Feng quickly threw out several punches and shattered most of the golden lights, but he caught the last one and threw it back at Bai Yi.

The golden light flew even faster and carried more power than when it came, and it nailed Bai Yi directly in the shoulder, piercing through her body. As fresh blood flew out, Bai Yi grunted. Being carried by a huge force, her body tumbled uncontrollably before she fell heavily.

“Overconfidence!” Zhu Feng coldly snorted; then, from the corner of his eye, he caught sight of the pure white light flashing over. When he turned around, a small white sun burst apart before his eyes.

Zhu Feng was immediately horrified. He had suffered a huge loss from this Secret Technique before and knew how powerful it was. It was simply the natural enemy of Black Ink Strength, so how could he dare to touch it again?

However, in order to attack Yang Kai, he had brought himself too close and was now unable to dodge in time.

As his body retreated, rich Black Ink Strength poured out of his body, forming a protective layer around him.

Zhu Feng’s roar resonated through the clouds as the white light burst open, dazzling the World and melting away the sea of darkness, purifying the rich Black Ink Strength.

Once the burst of Purifying Light dissipated, Yang Kai stood in place, panting heavily as he fought back the pain in his broken arm. Meanwhile, Zhu Feng, who was literally smoking where he stood, had an angry look on his face. His aura also seemed to have weakened slightly.

The Purifying Light had clearly done some damage to him.

Four eyes met as Zhu Feng’s rage almost materialized. There were flames burning in his gaze while Yang Kai gripped his Azure Dragon Spear tightly. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Dozens of kilometres away, Bai Yi’s small body lay motionless on the ground.

Only a short dozen breaths had passed since they began fighting with the recovered Zhu Feng and both Yang Kai and Bai Yi did everything they could, but at this moment, Yang Kai was badly injured, and it was not known whether Bai Yi was even alive, proving just how powerful Zhu Feng was.

This fight was truly a disaster!

During the critical point between life and death, Yang Kai’s mind was surprisingly clear. His eyes, blurred by his own Golden Blood, had only Zhu Feng reflected in them. His grip on the Azure Dragon Spear remained firm as he raised the tip slightly, pointing it forward.

“Fight!”

Zhu Feng was clearly angered by his provocation and shouted through his clenched teeth, “You lowly Humans never know how high the sky or how thick the earth are! Since you wish so much to die, this Lord will grant your wish!”

Taking a big step forward, his palm turned into a blade that chopped straight down.

The entire Sealed World seemed to split apart from that blow, and a huge gap suddenly opened up in the Void in front of Yang Kai. The gap ran from Zhu Feng’s hand blade, going all the way down and through where Yang Kai stood.

The Azure Dragon Spear struck out like a dragon. Whether it be the timing or the angle, this thrust was so perfect that Yang Kai had the illusion that he was the spear, and the spear was him.

As if something was shattering inside of himself, Yang Kai had suddenly gained a burst of enlightenment in the Spear Dao, breaking through to the next stage of comprehension.

Yang Kai actually made a breakthrough in the Spear Dao during this life-or-death moment, which was slightly surprising to him, but at the same time, it somewhat made sense. Fighting with one’s life on the line was really the best way to break through a bottleneck.

His Spear Dao was originally only at the fifth level, Attaining Mastery Through Comprehensive Understanding.

However, he had now broken through to the sixth level, Exceeding the Ordinary to Reach the Extraordinary, the same level he was at in his mastery over the Dao of Time.