Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5013, Contest of Endurance

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Those who could break through to the sixth level of comprehension in any Dao could all be considered a Master of the Dao. It had to be known that Yang Kai was also only at the eighth level in the Dao of Space, Summiting the Peak, and the Dao of Space was something he had been cultivating since he was very weak.

It was a surprise that he was able to make a breakthrough in his Spear Dao at this moment, but Yang Kai had no time to rejoice as Zhu Feng’s fierce attack had completely enveloped him by now, and an aura of death was shrouding him from above.

At this moment, there was neither joy nor sadness in Yang Kai’s eyes.

Boundless Black Ink Strength unleashed itself wantonly while fresh blood spurt out.

Two figures passed each other. The hand which Yang Kai held his spear with was trembling violently and the pain in his chest was almost unbearable. When he looked down, he found a large wound cutting from his shoulder all the way to his waist. His skin was rolled up and he could almost see his organs writhing inside.

In the end, he failed to block or dodge Zhu Feng’s hand blade. Even with his strong Dragonkin physique, he was still almost cut in half by that blow.

But even though he was wounded, Zhu Feng was not completely unscathed either. During that exchange, the Azure Dragon Spear pierced a hole through Zhu Feng’s chest, so it was truly hard to say who came out on top.

Yang Kai did not even bother dealing with his injuries and turned around hastily, pointing his spear at Zhu Feng’s large body as he roared, “Die!”

As he forged ahead, his figure disappeared into the light of his spear. He and the Azure Dragon Spear instantly fused into one, turning into a stream of light that charged in Zhu Feng’s direction.

The battle today would only end when one of them perished!

Zhu Feng’s roar resonated through the clouds as he turned around to meet Yang Kai. Even though he was using only his fists without any artifacts, each blow was terrifyingly powerful.

Both sides instantly engaged in a tangled melee, and horrific wounds surfaced on both their bodies. Meanwhile, rich Black Ink Strength was constantly flowing out of Zhu Feng’s wounds, drilling into Yang Kai’s body.

This Black Ink Strength was just like an extension of Zhu Feng’s body. Not only was it constantly burrowing into Yang Kai’s flesh, it turned into sharp attacks that came one after another, damaging Yang Kai’s five viscera and six organs from the inside.

Yang Kai’s face was covered in blood and his appearance was truly miserable. His aura continued to weaken.

Zhu Feng’s aura was also weakening though. He had used a powerful Secret Technique in order to squeeze the power out of the Black Ink Nest so that he could heal himself. Even though he had obtained some strength to fight for a short amount of time, it was impossible for him to maintain this state for long. As time went on, the drawbacks of the Secret Technique gradually surfaced, hitting him with a severe backlash.

Adding onto the fact that Yang Kai’s attacks had also caused considerable damage to him, the rate at which the backlash came only accelerated.

If he could deal with Yang Kai before the backlash from the Secret Technique came fully, then naturally, everything would be fine. However, if not, he would be done for.

Zhu Feng himself would never have dreamed that a mere Seventh-Order Human could be so difficult to deal with. Even in his current state, no matter what Seventh-Order Human he faced, he was confident in killing them within ten breaths, yet this Human was not only not dead, but was even fighting back and causing serious damage to him.

This was a great humiliation to Zhu Feng’s noble status as a Territory Lord, and his attacks only grew fiercer as a result.

Both sides were weakening, but in comparison, Yang Kai’s situation was worse. If things were to continue this way, then it would not take long for Zhu Feng to kill him. It was clear that Zhu Feng realized this too as he did not give him any room to breathe, continuing this exchange of damage with Yang Kai.

Yang Kai retreated again and again. Blood was churning in his throat as he squeezed out the power of his Small Universe over and over again to put up a desperate fight to the death. However, his resistance was too weak in the face of the enemy’s imposing strength.

The time he spent exchanging blows with Zhu Feng was not long, but it was clear that the World Force inside of his Small Universe was about to dry up.

Such a situation had never happened before since Yang Kai advanced to the Open Heaven Realm. The heritage of his Small Universe was far greater than that of his peers. In fact, if the battle was not too fierce, then no matter what, the power in his Small Universe would never dry up.

However once a Small Universe ran empty, there would be no World Force to use, and his Open Heaven Realm cultivation would become a mere decoration.

Even though Yang Kai still had a trump card up his sleeve, it was his last one. Once he played that card, he had to decide the fight, otherwise, both he and Bai Yi would die here today.

So, without a suitable opportunity, and before he had reached a truly desperate point, Yang Kai would never play his final card.

He had a mind to use Purifying Light again, but with the intensity of their fight, the short delay he would need to condense enough Purifying Light would simply become an opportunity for Zhu Feng to take advantage of.

In the face of Zhu Feng’s frenzied attack, Yang Kai could only struggle to hold on and wait for the right opportunity.

All of a sudden, as he stabbed out with Azure Dragon Spear, it was caught in Zhu Feng’s grasp, causing the latter to grin ferociously and roar, “Die, ant!”

Clenching his other fist, he threw a punch at Yang Kai.

The huge fist rapidly expanded before Yang Kai’s eyes, carrying with it a Heaven-destroying, Earth-shattering power. Yang Kai hurriedly gave up his spear and crossed his arms in front of himself to protect his body.

However, a golden light suddenly came from the side at that moment, appearing between Yang Kai and Zhu Feng. Shining faintly, Bai Yi’s small figure was revealed from inside of the golden light.

This was obviously Bai Yi’s Movement Technique. When Yang Kai was chasing her, he realized that she could change places with the golden light that she shot, similar to his Instantaneous Movement. Such a technique was not exactly the same as Instantaneous Movement, but it was still extremely profound. It was by relying on that amazing Movement Technique that she was able to escape from Yang Kai’s grasp again and again.

Previously, when Bai Yi was wounded by Zhu Feng’s attack, she lay several dozen kilometres away, and whether she was alive or dead was unknown. Yang Kai was so focused on fighting Zhu Feng that he did not even have the time to check on her condition.

However, he never would have thought that she would use her special Movement Technique here to come between the two of them.

Yang Kai’s pupils shrank as he called out in alarm, “No!”

He knew how strong Zhu Feng’s attacks were. Relying on his sturdy Dragonkin physique he could still barely resist until now, but if a punch like that were to hit Bai Yi, she would surely die.

Yang Kai had no idea why Bai Yi would appear at this moment, but it was clear that she wanted to use her own body as a shield to absorb the unstoppable blow for him.

He reached out for Bai Yi, but it was too late.

Zhu Feng’s huge fist struck Bai Yi’s small figure so hard that Yang Kai could clearly hear the sounds of bones breaking in quick succession.

In the instant that she was about to be hit though, Bai Yi drew her longbow, and a feathered arrow in the form of a pair of unfurled wings entered Zhu Feng’s chest.

Zhu Feng’s roar and Bai Yi’s muffled grunt rang out at the same time.

In their clash of blows, Zhu Feng stumbled backwards while Bai Yi crashed into Yang Kai’s arms, sending the two of them tumbling through mid-air.

Before the two of them could land, they heard Zhu Feng roar again. The Azure Dragon Spear that he had snatched from Yang Kai turned into a beam of light that was shooting straight for Yang Kai and Bai Yi, reaching them almost instantly.

This attack was so powerful that space was torn apart in its wake. If they were hit by it, then even Yang Kai’s Dragonkin body would be pierced through.

However, at this moment, whether it be Yang Kai or Bai Yi, both of them were basically out of strength, rendering them powerless to resist.

Seeing as the two of them were about to be skewered like a bottle gourd, a dragon roar sounded and a glowing Dragon Head appeared dazzlingly behind Yang Kai.

In a flash, the Golden Dragon Head burrowed into Yang Kai’s body and disappeared from sight.

Following that, there was a crackling sound as a 20,000-metre behemoth appeared out of nowhere within the Sealed World. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Dragon Pressure filled the air!

The Grand Dragon curled up, wrapping Bai Yi in its body. The Azure Dragon Spear plunged directly into the Dragon’s belly and disappeared completely. At the wound, Dragon Scales flew out, and the violent pain that took the Great Dragon caused it to throw back its head and let out a mournful roar.

Yang Kai suffered a terrible wound, but Bai Yi’s life was saved.

The Grand Dragon suddenly turned around, and its giant Dragon Eyes glared in Zhu Feng’s direction. In the next instant, the Dragon swayed and its ferocious Dragon head lunged at Zhu Feng.

At first, Zhu Feng was taken aback when he felt the terrifying Dragon Pressure. Even the pain from the wound that Bai Yi just gave him had been forgotten.

Even though the Black Ink Clan knew of the existence of the Dragon Clan, they had essentially never encountered them on the Black Ink Battlefield. However, they had heard of a Grand Dragon showing itself during their attack on the Humans at Blue Sky Pass.

However, Zhu Feng was not present during that battle, so he was not able to see it for himself.

He did not expect to be able to see it today.

That meant that this Human was no Human, but rather a Grand Dragon that appeared in the Blue Sky Theatre!

Faced with the charge of a Grand Dragon, Zhu Feng roared and faced it head-on.

His figure seemed so large and tall in the eyes of ordinary Humans; however, he was as small as an ant in the face of this Grand Dragon. Still, one’s strength had never been determined by their size alone.

Zhu Feng felt that he was currently strong enough to slaughter this Grand Dragon, so he did not falter.

However, when they clashed, Zhu Feng realized he had underestimated his opponent.

A terrifying force descended upon him, and Zhu Feng lasted merely an instant before he was pinned down on the ground by a huge Dragon Claw.

A massive crater spanning several dozen kilometres appeared in the ground, with many deep cracks expanding out from it.

Zhu Feng was unable to resist his opponent’s fierce power.

Zhu Feng was furious. If he were not wounded, then he would naturally be able to withstand this amount of raw force; however, after the many injuries he suffered during the previous fight, and the peak he had reached by using that sacrificial Secret Technique also dissipating, his strength was rapidly weakening which allowed him to be held down on the ground in disgrace.

He struggled hard, trying to free himself from the confines of the Dragon Claw.

However, the Grand Dragon’s head dropped slightly and it opened its terrifyingly large mouth, spewing out a mouthful of Dragon Breath that enveloped Zhu Feng.

The Dragon Breath cut through Zhu Feng’s body and opened wounds all over his figure like a torrent of blades, causing ink-black blood to splash out.

With a raging roar, Zhu Feng threw his fist out, hitting the giant Dragon with fierce power. In a flash, Dragon Scales were sent flying into the air as a horrible gouge appeared on the giant Dragon that would not recover for a long time.

It was now a competition to see who could outlast the other.

There was a look of pain in the Grand Dragon’s eyes, as well as a small hint of hesitation.

However, those eyes soon turned resolute.

A round bead suddenly appeared in the midst of the Dragon Breath that was constantly being spewed out.

The round bead, wrapped in Dragon Breath, did not move very fast. It could even be described as exceptionally slow as it gradually pressed down on Zhu Feng, who was pinned to the ground.