Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5015, Ants Kill an Elephant

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Zhu Feng had heard of Emperor Realm Humans, but he had never seen one with his own eyes; after all, an Emperor Realm Human would simply be incapable of staying alive on the Black Ink Battlefield.

Yet he saw one today.

If it were any normal day, a simple glance from Zhu Feng would have been enough to cause such a weak ant to explode and die; however, he was now heavily injured and suffering from severe backlash from his Secret Technique. He was completely devoid of the might that a Territory Lord should have, so much so that even the appearance of an Emperor Realm Human was life-threatening to him. And, it was clear that this Emperor Realm Human had been brought out from Yang Kai’s Small Universe.

The elderly man had clearly received orders from Yang Kai, and as soon as he appeared, he did not hesitate to brandish his sword in Zhu Feng’s direction.

Zhu Feng’s face paled. Barely squeezing out a last breath, he spat out a mouthful of ink-black aura that headed straight for the elderly man.

The aura was extremely thin, and it was quite apparent that Zhu Feng could not muster any more Black Ink Strength from his body.

However, the elderly man did not care. He protected his body with his strength and moved through the ink-black aura, slashing down and unleashing a sword wave.

His sword struck Zhu Feng’s huge neck. There was a deep wound there to begin with, so under the power of the sword, the wound instantly widened, going so deep that one could almost see bone. Fresh blood squirted out from the aggravated wound in an instant.

After that one strike, the elderly man immediately backed away. Forming a hand seal, he tapped his own body a couple of times then, without a word, he fell limp to the ground.

Before passing out, the elderly man looked in Yang Kai’s direction, speaking with difficulty, “Ancestor, I’ve done all I could…”

Yang Kai nodded lightly.

Zhu Feng, however, could not help but laugh loudly, “Even an ant thinks he can kill me? You’ll need more than one for that!”

Even though the elderly man’s sword had inflicted a serious wound on him, it was indeed not enough to kill him. The wound, horrible as it may seem, was merely a flesh wound to a Territory Lord.

The only regretful thing was that after the ant slashed down at him, he had sealed his strength and forced himself unconscious; otherwise, with his Emperor Realm cultivation, he would simply be unable to withstand the corruption of the Black Ink Strength. It would only take a few breaths before he transformed into a Black Ink Disciple, and when that time came, he would become a weapon for Zhu Feng to use against Yang Kai.

However, if Yang Kai dared to bring him out from his Small Universe, he must have realized this possibility and would naturally not allow it to happen.

The elderly man’s self-imposed seal must have been ordered by Yang Kai in advance.

Zhu Feng half wheezed, and half-laughed, but only for a moment because he soon saw Yang Kai looking at him with mockery and pity.

Instantly thinking of something, he drew a breath of cold air and muttered, “You still have more helpers?”

Yang Kai snorted, “I have thousands of them. Just lie down and accept death!”

Saying so, the portal to his Small Universe suddenly opened again, and another person came out of it. Just like the elderly man from before, this man had also only reached the Emperor Realm. In fact, he was not even as powerful as the elderly man from before. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Just like before, as soon as this man appeared, he charged at Zhu Feng and slashed his sword down fiercely right at the wound on his neck, immediately widening the gash, leaving a mark on his collarbone.

After getting one hit in, the man backed away and sealed himself like his predecessor, instantly falling unconscious on the ground.

Then, from the portal of the Small Universe, another man emerged…

Zhu Feng cried out in terror and crawled forward on his hands and knees. He was truly feeling the threat of death now.

One Emperor Realm Human was nothing to him, even two did not matter; however, if they kept coming one after another, sooner or later he would die.

With enough numbers on their side, even ants could kill an elephant. Zhu Feng had always laughed when he heard this saying in the past, but he was now experiencing it for himself. Sadly, he was the elephant that was being bitten to death by these ants.

One by one, Humans poured out from the Small Universe, all of them in the Emperor Realm, and all of them only having one chance to attack, yet all of them struck at the same spot.

Zhu Feng’s wound grew worse with each hit, and his neck was soon almost severed.

When the fifth person emerged from Yang Kai’s Small Universe, Zhu Feng’s head instantly separated from his body when his sword came down, rolling far away.

From the wound on his neck, only a small amount of ink-black blood gushed out. Clearly, the blood in Zhu Feng’s body had almost dried up already.

The last cut that killed Zhu Feng came from a young man in the Third-Order Emperor Realm. He was slightly surprised to have finished the deed in one hit, but he quickly imposed a seal upon himself. Before falling unconscious, he cupped his fist at Yang Kai, “Fortunately, I did not fail my mission!”

With that, he fell headlong to the ground.

Zhu Feng had been beheaded and he could not be any more dead than this, but his eyes still blinked with unwillingness.

To a Territory Lord such as himself, the only worthy opponents in this World were the Eighth-Order or Ninth-Open Humans. Yet, the demise of someone like him came under the combined strength of a few Emperor Realm Humans.

The light in Zhu Feng’s gaze gradually dissipated and eventually, he died with his eyes wide open.

Yang Kai was panting heavily. Rolling on his back, he lay with his limbs spread on the ground.

His victory had come with much difficulty in this battle. Neither he nor Bai Yi could have expected Zhu Feng to have a Secret Technique that would allow him to recover so quickly. They had almost fallen into a desperate situation with one mistake.

Now, Bai Yi was heavily injured and unconscious. He himself was also badly injured, with cracks having formed on his Dragon Bead, which was an unbelievable price to pay for this victory.

Zhu Feng was saved by his Secret Technique, but it also became his demise. Fortunately, the backlash of his Secret Technique broke out in full force at the critical moment; otherwise, Yang Kai felt that he may not have been able to escape with his life. By the end of the battle, he had become a dry oil lamp, completely exhausted.

Yang Kai had learned just how strong the Territory Lords were from this fight. They were not an opponent a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master could take on by themselves. If he were to bump into a Territory Lord at his peak alone, then Yang Kai could only hope to escape with his life.

But no matter how difficult the process was, the outcome was still a happy one. Zhu Feng was finally dead.

On the Black Ink Battlefield, the winner was the King, the loser was the villain. There was nothing more to be said.

After consuming a healing Spirit Pill, Yang Kai silently refined it, and after a full cup of tea’s time, he finally struggled to his feet.

He was still dizzy and his Small Universe was still empty. If one were to look into his Small Universe at this moment, one would see that the world inside had gone grey and dull. Naturally, it was because he had consumed too much of his strength, and that consumption could only be slowly restored later.

Now though, the most important thing was to safely bring everyone back.

Step by step, he walked up to the unconscious Emperor Realm cultivators and took them into his Small Universe.

These Emperor Realm cultivators had all come from the Seven Stars Sect inside of his Small Universe. The first elderly man to emerge was Sect Master Shang Guan Ji. The rest were the Elders of Seven Stars Sect, such as Guan Qian Xing.

Many years ago, Yang Kai entered Seven Stars Sect with his Soul Avatar and became their Ancestor; it was also there that he accepted his two Legacy Disciples, Zhao Ye Bai and Zhao Ya. Later, he even accepted a third Disciple from Seven Stars Sect, Xu Yi.

After sending Zhao Ye Bai, Zhao Ya, and Xu Yi back to the Star Boundary, Yang Kai no longer made an appearance in his Small Universe. This time, if his hand were not forced, then he would not have let these Emperor Realm cultivators take on such a risk.

The corruption of Black Ink Strength was too difficult for even an Open Heaven Realm Master to resist, much less for someone in the Emperor Realm. So, before Yang Kai borrowed their power to deal with Zhu Feng, he had given them repeated warnings that they had only once chance to strike, after which they should seal their bodies and consciousness. Otherwise, the consequences would be unpredictable.

The Emperor Realm cultivators of Seven Stars Sect were very obedient to his word; after all, Yang Kai was too profound an existence for them, and they naturally would not dare to disobey the word of their Ancestor. Each one of them made only one strike after emerging before sealing their bodies and falling unconscious.

This proved to be the right choice.

By now, these Emperor Realm cultivators had already been corrupted by the Black Ink Strength to their cores and transformed into Black Ink Disciples. Only, they were all unconscious; otherwise, they would have attacked Yang Kai.

Soon, Yang Kai arrived at the young man who appeared last. It was this youth who laid down a great achievement delivering the final blow that decapitated Zhu Feng.

The face of this youth looked vaguely familiar to him.

Yang Kai thought for a moment before recognising this guy as Mao Fei Ping.

He was slightly surprised. This was the little one who joined Seven Stars Sect together with Zhao Ye Bai and Zhao Ya back then. Now, he had reached the Third-Order Emperor Realm.

If it had to be said, then Mao Fei Ping’s aptitude was quite good. The Emperor Qi in his body was also carefully cultivated. If not for him living in Yang Kai’s Small Universe all this while, he could have reached the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm by now based on his aptitude.

It was thanks to the help of these Emperor Realm cultivators that came out today that Yang Kai turned failure into a success. Perhaps he could give them some pointers and show them the way to greater heights in the Martial Dao.

After putting Mao Fei Ping back into his Small Universe, Yang Kai hurried over to where Bai Yi was.

Bai Yi was still unconscious, and her aura was extremely faint. Her body was marked with wounds and covered with blood. The wound on her shoulder was especially bad, having blown a significant portion of her chest open.

This wound was inflicted when Zhu Feng caught her feathered arrow and threw it back at her. Then, she sacrificed herself to act as a shield, protecting Yang Kai and sustaining a direct hit from Zhu Feng that broke a great number of the bones in her body.

These wounds were almost fatal, even for a Seventh-Order Master like Bai Yi. If she did not receive help, then she could die here.

She had been unconscious all this while, and she had also long been corrupted by Black Ink Strength. Just like the Emperor Realm cultivators from before, she had turned into a Black Ink Disciple.

Yang Kai first used Purifying Light in order to dispel the Black Ink Strength inside of her Small Universe. Only then did he use his Towering Evergreen Divine Manifestation. The illusory phantom of the Immortal Tree immediately appeared behind Yang Kai’s back, its branches dropping down, forming a half-circle of protection, allowing rich vitality to flow out and envelop Bai Yi.

Yang Kai then took out some Spirit Pills and pried open Bai Yi’s mouth, pouring them in and then using his power to help her refine them.

Even though the Sealed World was filled with Black Ink Strength, it was relatively safe; after all, this was Zhu Feng’s hidden base, so there was no worry about them being disturbed by anyone else.

With a combination of Spirit Pills and Towering Evergreen, Bai Yi gradually recovered her vitality, and the wounds on her body also began to heal.

It was the same for Yang Kai. The rate of his recovery was even greater than Bai Yi’s since he had a Dragon physique, so his restoration abilities had always been stronger than average.

However, while physical wounds were easy to heal, and the World Force of his Small Universe could also be replenished, the damage to his Dragon Bead would surely give him a headache for some time to come.