Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5021, Old Ginger is Spicier

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Blue Sky Theatre corresponded to Men Xie Royal Lord’s territory.

After countless years of fighting, the Masters of the two clans knew each other to some extent, so as soon as the Territory Lord heard that voice, he could ascertain that it was Cha Hu.

Cha Hu answered with no trace of politeness, “What did you call your Grandfather for?”

The Territory Lord raged, “A trivial Human dares act so arrogant!?”

Cha Hu snapped back, “A trivial Black Ink Clansman dares to shamelessly boast?”

The Territory Lord was fuming, “Sooner or later, I will slaughter all the Humans of your Blue Sky Pass, rip your heart out, and make you beg for death!”

Cha Hu sneered, “What are you speaking all this nonsense for? Save it for after our fight!”

As soon as the words left his mouth, he suddenly turned into a stream of light and rushed towards a space in the void, slamming a fist down with such force that it caused space to tremble.

A black shadow emerged, hurriedly retreating; however, he was still struck by the fist and let out a grunt.

The Territory Lord was shocked, not expecting Cha Hu to actually make a move here. In fact, in such battles, Masters like them would basically only act as a deterrent. Rarely would they fight in person because everyone knew that there was nothing they could actually do to each other in battle.

In the same Order, the Humans were generally slightly stronger when compared to the Black Ink Clan, but this difference became less and less pronounced the higher one’s cultivation was. When one reached the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm or became a Territory Lord, that difference became quite limited, and when it came to Royal Lords and Ninth-Order Old Ancestors, they were basically evenly matched.

Moreover, the Territory Lords outnumbered the Eighth-Order Masters by one in this battle, and this advantage in high-level combat power was enough to deter the Eighth-Order Humans from doing anything rash.

Only when the Black Ink Clan Army attacked Blue Sky Pass would the Eighth-Order Humans and the Territory Lords have a chance to face each other directly.

So, there was no way that this Territory Lord could have ever expected Cha Hu to actually make a move.

Not only him, but violent energy fluctuations also suddenly erupted at two other spots in the void. It was apparent that Lu An and Xie Xiu Ping had also joined in, forcing out the Territory Lords in hiding.

“You dare…” The Territory Lord was furious after eating a small loss from Cha Hu’s sudden attack.

Before he could finish speaking though, his words were cut short by Cha Hu, who broke out in laughter, “You’re still waiting for Zhu Feng? I forgot to tell you, but Zhu Feng is dead! I’m afraid he won’t be coming today!”

“What?” The Territory Lord was shocked at his words, but he immediately refuted, “Lies!”

He was instinctively unwilling to believe Cha Hu’s words; after all, Zhu Feng was a Territory Lord just like himself, so how could he possibly die just like that? Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

After all, he had seen Zhu Feng just a month ago.

He thought that Cha Hu was just trying to shake him with an alarming bluff, but in the next instant, his expression changed as he turned his head to glance at that particular Human Warship.

He had paid attention to the performance of this Human Warship all this while, and it was because of its appearance that the Black Ink Clan’s defence line collapsed, so this Territory Lord was nursing a great hatred for Dawning Light.

It wasn’t the special Warship itself that had his attention at this moment though, but rather the small figure that was standing at the front of its deck, holding a drawn bow. As soon as each golden light flew out, a Black Ink Clansman was bound to suffer.

This Territory Lord focused his eyesight to the fullest in order to see through the heavy clutter of obstructions and was shocked when he finally had a clear look of the small figure’s face.

[That Human woman… Isn’t she Zhu Feng’s prized Black Ink Disciple?]

Even though he had only seen the young Human woman a few times in the past, this Territory Lord remembered her well. It was because this Human woman was extremely strong and was also highly valued by Zhu Feng.

But how could she appear on the Humans’ side and even kill off their Black Ink Clansmen?

For a moment, the Territory Lord’s thoughts were in disarray. He could not figure out how the Black Ink Disciple Bai Yi had returned to the embrace of the Human Race.

However, since she was here, where had Zhu Feng gone? Could he truly be dead?

In fact, he had not been able to feel Zhu Feng’s aura all this while. He thought that Zhu Feng was hiding somewhere, waiting for an opportunity to strike, but he did not see him anywhere even until this moment, so he truly could have met a disastrous fate.

This made him feel a little unsettled. While he was distracted, Cha Hu landed a punch on his shoulder, causing his huge body to stumble, drawing a guttural roar from his lips.

Before he could steady himself, however, a murderous intent locked in on him, causing the Territory Lord to freeze up.

He turned around in a hurry and was shocked to find that a Human had suddenly appeared behind him with two fingers raised, cutting down at him like a sword.

The sword wave at the tip of his fingers swept over in a flash.

The Territory Lord’s body shook wildly, then a huge wound appeared at his shoulder blade, so deep that the organs could vaguely be seen writhing beneath. As ink-black blood and Black Ink Strength spewed out of the wound, he howled, “Xu Bo Liang!”

He was truly both shocked and enraged.

He was shocked that Xu Bo Liang would actually appear here, and enraged because he had been caught unaware by him. A sneak attack from an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was not to be underestimated. The Territory Lord suffered a serious wound, and Sword Qi was still lingering around it, preventing it from healing. At the same time, the silk-like Sword Qi was burrowing into his body and causing damage everywhere.

He was forced to circulate his energy to suppress the Sword Qi wreaking havoc inside, instantly reducing the strength he could put out by 20%.

What puzzled him the most was how Xu Bo Liang could have appeared on this battlefield.

According to the information that the Black Ink Clan received, Xu Bo Liang had been standing guard in the Humans’ forward base this whole time and did not leave. That was also the reason why there was one more Territory Lord than Eighth-Order Human on this battlefront.

There were originally four Black Ink Clan Territory Lords in this resource harvesting area and four Eighth-Order Humans, an equal number to each other.

However, the Humans always kept one Eighth-Order Master at their forward base in case the Black Ink Clan’s Army were to attack. If anything were to happen to the forward base, then it would definitely be a huge loss for the Humans.

For that reason, in terms of top Masters, the Black Ink Clan held an advantage.

Even if Zhu Feng died, it would still be three against three, so the Territory Lords had nothing to fear.

So, this Territory Lord never anticipated that Xu Bo Liang would suddenly appear in this place like a ghost and even launch a sneak attack on him. It was because he had not conceived of this possibility that he was inadvertently hit.

Weren’t the Humans afraid that their forward base would be wiped out by the Black Ink Clan?

However, Xu Bo Liang left as soon as he finished his attack without any intention of pursuing him. He just nodded lightly at Cha Hu before forming a set of hand seals.

Soon, a light appeared below Xu Bo Liang’s feet, and by the time the glow faded, he was already gone.

Naturally, it was the Universe Transference Law that he just performed, allowing him to return to the forward base through the Universe Array of the Purifying Black Ink Battleship that was moored there.

The reason he did not stay behind to fight alongside Cha Hu was that he was worried something might suddenly happen at the forward base, so he had no choice but to maintain his strength and stand guard there.

The sneak attack that heavily injured the Territory Lord should be enough to set the course for the battle, there was no need to ask for more. Even though they could have killed this Territory Lord if Xu Bo Liang stayed behind and joined forces with Cha Hu, nobody could guarantee that the Territory Lord would not bring one of them down with him in a desperate attempt to fight back.

Nearby Dawning Light, Yang Kai held his Azure Dragon Spear and looked in astonishment at the sudden change, “How did Division Commander Xu come out from Dawning Light?”

The Territory Lord had no idea why Xu Bo Liang would suddenly appear on this battlefield, but Yang Kai had seen everything clearly. Just now, Xu Bo Liang had actually walked out from Dawning Light.

Auras flared along with great explosions across the chaotic battlefield, so basically nobody had noticed an extra Eighth-Order Master mixed in among the Humans until it was too late.

Feng Ying slashed her sword down in front of her and took a breathing spell in between, “Some days ago, Division Commander Xu left his Imprint on Dawning Light’s Universe Array.

Yang Kai was surprised at first before grinning, “Old ginger is indeed spicier than young ginger!”

Xu Bo Liang had already left his Imprint in Dawning Light’s Universe Array, so he could naturally use it to reach the battlefield in an instant, make a sneak attack on the Territory Lord, and then return to the forward base through the Universe Array there.

His sneak attack could truly be called a masterstroke. Perhaps even the people at the forward base had no idea that Xu Bo Liang had crossed a distance of a billion kilometres in such a short amount of time and came over here so he could inflict a serious injury on a Territory Lord.

To think the Universe Array could be used like this, Yang Kai felt his horizons broadening.

After composing himself, he looked at the many Black Ink Clansmen in front of him. Then, Yang Kai thrust his spear forward and attacked!

On the high-level battlefield, Lu An and Xie Xiu Ping were each facing a Territory Lord of their own. The difference in strength between them was not obvious though, so they were basically evenly matched in this situation. Neither side could take the other down.

However, Cha Hu was now facing an enemy whose strength had plummeted, allowing him to gain a significant advantage. Under Cha Hu’s flurry of attacks, this Territory Lord could only defend himself without being able to hit back.

The two of them were originally similar in strength, but after incurring a heavy hit from Xu Bo Liang, this Territory Lord was forced to divert some of his strength in order to suppress his injuries, so how could he be a match for Cha Hu?

All sorts of Secret Techniques poured out, but he remained in a poor situation.

Things would only get worse if the fight continued. If Xu Bo Liang were to show up again, then he might truly lose his life here. After realising he was no match for this Human, this Territory Lord immediately had a mind to escape.

Cha Hu could naturally tell what he was thinking and attacked him even more fiercely, as if he wanted to eradicate his existence here and now.

The Territory Lord hissed furiously, “Cha Hu, if you want to die, then I can fulfil your wish for you!”

Cha Hu sneered, “Do you even have that ability?”

His tone was mocking, but the look on his face was one of extreme caution. The final desperate resistance of a Territory Lord was not something that he dared to underestimate. This was also the reason why Xu Bo Liang did not stay behind to fight with him. Even if they were fighting two against one, they might still have to pay a painful price.

It was a price that the Human Race could not afford to pay!

Any Eighth-Order Master was considered an extremely valuable asset for the Humans, and the fall of even one was an unbearable wound.

So, when he received news that Zhu Feng had been killed by Yang Kai and a former Black Ink Disciple called Bai Yi, Cha Hu could hardly believe it.

However, after learning the details, Cha Hu realized that Yang Kai and Bai Yi were only able to kill Zhu Feng because they were both abnormally strong and extremely lucky.

Part of it also had to do with Zhu Feng underestimating them. Of course, Zhu Feng being in a miserable state from his severe injuries was also one of the reasons.

So, even though he held an absolute advantage, Cha Hu did not dare to push his enemy too hard. Every now and then, he would give the Territory Lord a ray of hope, an illusion to make him think he could continue to fight.