Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5027, Huge Harvest

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Although the situation on the Black Ink Battlefield could be considered stable for the time being, even the most impenetrable defence could fall apart one day. Once the Great Passes on the Black Ink Battlefield that were guarded by the Humans were destroyed, the 3,000 Worlds would fall into a perilous situation.

By then, the Black Ink Clan would swarm into the 3,000 Worlds, kill everyone, and destroy all in their path. Therefore, to the Humans on the Black Ink Battlefield, anything that could change the status quo in their favour would be good news for them, not to mention that with the invention of Purifying Black Ink Battleships, they could now have the hope of launching a true crusade.

If they could do that, they would be able to wipe the Black Ink Clan out and solve the crisis that the Cave Heavens and Paradises had been facing since time immemorial; however, the crusade was a grand plan that had to be carefully planned out.

After the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Blue Sky Pass were done with their discussion, they decided to tell those from the Inner Sanctum to refine ten sets of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors to be used to move Universe Worlds back from different resource harvesting areas.

Nevertheless, they would need full cooperation from Yang Kai. After all, he was the one who invented the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors, so no one was more familiar with their refinement method than him.

Yang Kai stored the eight Yang Mirrors and returned to Dawning Light to retrieve the remaining eight Yin Mirrors. After that, he activated the Universe Transference Law and returned to the Inner Sanctum.

Since everything was ready in Blue Sky Pass, they could requisition unlimited resources from the War Materials Hall. With Dong Guo An Ping from Divine Cauldron Cave Heaven as the leader, many Artifact Refining Grandmasters gathered together to wait for Yang Kai’s return so that they could start discussing the next step.

Soon, Yang Kai and the Artifact Refining Grandmasters started working on making more Void Yin-Yang Mirrors. Back then, Yang Kai personally refined the first Void Yin-Yang Mirrors with the help of the Black Prison’s inmates, creating a kind of rough prototype that only somewhat functioned. After that, with the help of Grandmaster Ma Fan to remould them, the Mirrors could then be considered a finished artifact.

Basically, all of the Artifact Refining Grandmasters in Blue Sky Pass had gathered together, and with Yang Kai’s Void Yin-Yang Mirrors as a blueprint, they worked on improving it as they exchanged sophisticated ideas.

With unlimited amounts of resources and manpower being dedicated to the project, a new set of Void Yin-Yang Mirrors was completed barely one month later.

Ding Yao personally brought these new Void Yin-Yang Mirrors and headed to the first forward base to give it a try. The first forward base had already been occupied by the Humans for some time and mining operations were well underway.

Three days later, a Universe World abruptly appeared outside Blue Sky Pass. Apparently, Ding Yao had moved it back from the forward base.

The experiment showed that the new Void Yin-Yang Mirrors created in Blue Sky Pass were indeed usable. A new way of gathering resources had been invented for the Humans in all these Great Passes.

Since the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors were proven to be usable, those from the Inner Sanctum started creating more of them. According to the Army Commanders’ plan, they had to make 10 sets of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors.

In the meantime, the Hyper Space Array in the Inner Sanctum started running as well. Jade slips that contained the method of creating and activating the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors were sent to the other Great Passes.

Soon, the Humans from the other Great Passes received the news from Blue Sky Pass, and upon learning the abstrusity and uses of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors, they were elated as they started creating more of them.

While those from Blue Sky Pass were busy making more Void Yin-Yang Mirrors, the members of Dawn had gathered together on the deck of Dawning Light, which was parked beside a Universe World. Feng Ying was standing on the deck as she could see that Yang Kai was swamped with work in the periphery of the Universe World.

Since more Void Yin-Yang Mirrors were being produced, the members of Dawn no longer had to exert themselves to extract resources. After Yang Kai sent all these Universe Worlds back to Blue Sky Pass, those from the Inner Sanctum would mine them.

Therefore, the members of Dawn could relax a little.

With that said, it didn’t mean they didn’t have work to do. Now that Yang Kai had to move the Universe Worlds in this resource harvesting area, the members of Dawn had to follow him closely and protect him in order to prevent any Black Ink Clansmen from disturbing him. Yang Kai was a powerful Master who possessed a World Spring, which was why he wasn’t afraid of Black Ink Strength. If any reckless Black Ink Clansmen really came over to make things difficult for him, they would never be able to return.

However, the artifacts he left behind around the Universe World had to be guarded by some people.

If the Black Ink Clan managed to steal these artifacts, they might be able to uncover the secrets behind the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors. If they could also use these artifacts, it would be terrible news for the Humans. Hence, this scenario had to be prevented from happening.

With the help of the Universe Arrays on the Purifying Black Ink Battleship in Blue Sky Pass and Dawning Light, Yang Kai was able to easily move between the two places, allowing him to rapidly move many Universe Worlds.

Just one month later, the several dozen Universe Worlds that the members of Dawn Squad were given to mine were all gone, sent back to Blue Sky Pass.

Now, almost all 20,000 soldiers had left Blue Sky Pass to extract resources from those Universe Worlds.

More and more Universe Worlds were shattered as the hidden resources were mined out. At the same time, the reserves in the War Materials Hall increased significantly each day.

The entire Blue Sky Pass was brimming with a sense of joy.

The Humans had been living in a hostile environment for too long, and before this, the cultivators from different Great Passes had to rely on the resources sent to them from the 3,000 Worlds to cultivate as well as the meagre amount they could extract after they occupied resource harvesting areas.

However, every time they occupied a resource harvesting area, there wouldn’t be enough time for them to mine materials. They had several dozen to 100 years at most, and they were unable to send a lot of people to do this work either; hence, they couldn’t get their hands on a lot of resources.

On the Black Ink Battlefield, every Human knew how valuable every single resource was. When they used their Military Merits to trade for resources, they would only get what they really needed. It could be said that they had learned to be incredibly thrifty.

Nonetheless, the birth of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors changed everything.

According to the estimates from the War Materials Hall, the resources extracted by those from the Inner Sanctum in the past month were equivalent to the total resources mined over the past ten years.

Only one month had passed, and they still had a long way ahead of them. As more Void Yin-Yang Mirrors were completed, there would be even more Universe Worlds that would be moved back to the Great Pass, each one containing a staggering amount of resources.

Everyone was naturally pleased with the good news.

With 20,000 soldiers working together, it would mean that they would be able to mine the resources very efficiently.

Most of the time, a Universe World would become shattered remnants barely a few days after it was sent back to Blue Sky Pass.

The several dozen Universe Worlds that Yang Kai had delivered over the past month were all gone for good. A lot of cultivators were now looking longingly at the void, and the moment a Universe World appeared, they would stream towards it.

With more Void Yin-Yang Mirrors being created, there were even more Universe Worlds that were sent back. The number of Universe Worlds could finally satisfy the need for the soldiers in the Inner Sanctum to extract resources.

When all 10 sets of Void Yin-Yang Mirrors were completed, the soldiers in the Inner Sanctum could no longer keep pace with the number of Universe Worlds getting sent to this place.

More and more Universe Worlds of different sizes were sent back to Blue Sky Pass, making for a truly magnificent sight.

Meanwhile, Yang Kai was swamped with work at forward base four.

The several dozen Universe Worlds assigned to the members of Dawn were all sent back; however, there were far more Universe Worlds in other neighbouring areas.

The entire resource harvesting area around forward base four had several hundred Universe Worlds, and that was forward base four alone. The situation was similar in other resource harvesting areas occupied by the other three forward bases.

In other words, if they moved all the Universe Worlds from these four resource harvesting areas back to Blue Sky Pass, they would have a reserve of more than 2,000 Universe Worlds.

That was a staggering figure.

It was something that the soldiers of the Inner Sanctum wouldn’t even dare to imagine in the past. In order to finish extracting a reserve of 2,000 Universe Worlds before now, it would have taken them several thousand years.

But now, they would only need several dozen years or even shorter to achieve that.

The anomaly of Universe Worlds disappearing from these forward bases eventually caught the Black Ink Clan’s attention and many scouts were sent to look into the matter.

Nevertheless, these scouts would all be killed the moment they were discovered.

Although they managed to kill the majority of Black Ink Clan scouts, some inevitably survived and the existence of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors must have become known to the Black Ink Clan.

This couldn’t be helped though, as using the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors to move Universe Worlds was not exactly a subtle process. They could never hide it.

In fact, those from Blue Sky Pass didn’t intend to hide it anyway. The Black Ink Clan soldiers under Men Xie had suffered a serious setback previously, and the Royal Lord himself was badly injured. Even though the Black Ink Clan had noticed what was going on, they were unable to do anything about it. They wouldn’t be able to launch a major attack before resting and building up their forces for several dozen years first.

While it was a chance for the Black Ink Clan to recuperate, the same was true for those from Blue Sky Pass. They certainly had to seize this chance and get more benefits from the Black Ink Clan.

Two years passed by in the blink of an eye.

The resource harvesting area around forward base four was practically empty now, with all the Universe Worlds that could be moved having been moved.

Besides Yang Kai, who had been working hard, Lu An and Cha Hu had also been helping out with sets of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors of their own.

Although Shen Tu Mo had given it a try and confirmed that the most powerful Seventh-Order Masters could also use the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors, it was extremely taxing even for them. It was far more efficient for the Eighth-Order Division Commanders to use them.

Hence, Lu An and Cha Hu took over the task. Even though they were in the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, which was one Order above Yang Kai, they were far less efficient in moving the Universe Worlds than the latter; after all, Yang Kai was a master of the Dao of Space, so it would be easier for him to operate the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors.

This was a treasure he originally created for himself after all. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

One day, Dawning Light landed on the asteroid where forward base four was located.

After disembarking, Yang Kai headed straight to the building where the two Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were stationed. Upon seeing them, he saluted them and said, “Sirs, all the Universe Worlds in this resource harvesting area have been moved back. Is there anything else we should do?”

Lu An smiled and nodded, “There’s nothing else to do here. We’ll be returning to the Inner Sanctum soon.”

Yang Kai was slightly surprised, “Are we going back so soon?”

Cha Hu asked, “What do you want to do?”

After giving it a thought, Yang Kai replied, “All the Universe Worlds in the resource harvesting area in forward base four are indeed gone; however, I can see there are more Universe Worlds that are further away. Should we go there and move more of them back?”