Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5033, Refining

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

However, before Yang Kai could get rid of the impurities from the Sealed World, he wouldn’t be able to fight against anyone.

Fortunately, it had been peaceful in Blue Sky Pass recently. It would take the Black Ink Clan at least a few dozen years to recuperate from their previous losses, so there wasn’t a need for Yang Kai to battle against anyone.

All the Squads had returned from exploring the Sealed Worlds, and they had all obtained a lot of rewards. Following Cha Hu’s order, Dawning Light turned into a ray of light and flew towards Blue Sky Pass.

A few days later, Blue Sky Pass came into their sight.

They could see that there were a lot of Universe Worlds in the void outside of Blue Sky Pass. These Universe Worlds were moved back from the resource harvesting areas by the Masters from the Inner Sanctum in the last two years. Quite a number of cultivators could now be seen extracting resources in those Universe Worlds.

This was a difficult undertaking, and even though thousands of soldiers from the Inner Sanctum were working on it, it would take them at least 20 years before they could fully extract the resources in those Universe Worlds.

When that time came though, the reserve of resources in the Inner Sanctum would be tremendous. Even without any new resources from the 3,000 Worlds, Blue Sky Pass would be able to last for 1,000 years without needing to resupply.

It could be said that the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors that Yang Kai had brought had alleviated the lack of resources in Blue Sky Pass, and it was the same for the other Great Passes.

As they got closer to the Inner Sanctum, Yang Kai’s voice was heard coming from the cabin, “Sir, I’ll remain out here. Please help me find a safe place outside of the Inner Sanctum. I need to cultivate in seclusion for some time.”

Cha Hu instinctively wanted to reject his idea. Yang Kai was important to the Human race. Since he wanted to cultivate in seclusion, he had to do so in an absolutely safe place. His best choice would be entering the Inner Sanctum. Why would he want to cultivate in seclusion outside of it?

Nevertheless, after giving it a thought, he soon realised Yang Kai’s intentions. What Yang Kai was about to do would cause some inconvenience to the Inner Sanctum, so it really would be better for him to stay outside.

Cha Hu then nodded in agreement, “Good, this King will look for a safe place for you.”

He expanded his Divine Sense and soon found a suitable location. It was a Universe fragment that was left behind after a Universe World had been fully mined out.

There were many Universe Worlds that were being mined outside Blue Sky Pass, so it was expected that a lot of Universe fragments would be produced. They were rubbish to Blue Sky Pass that had to be cleaned up. Although some people would deal with it, they had to wait for the Universe fragments to accumulate to a certain scale first in order to be efficient.

This Universe fragment was only several hundred kilometres away from Blue Sky Pass, and its landmass was neither big nor small. Even if Yang Kai came across any danger while cultivating in this place, those from the Inner Sanctum could immediately come to assist. They wouldn’t have to worry about Yang Kai being harmed by the Black Ink Clan.

Dawning Light then flew towards the Universe fragment and landed on it.

A pale Yang Kai, whose aura was clearly unstable, stepped out of the cabin. His unsteady steps made him look as if he was drunk; however, those who were aware of Yang Kai’s condition knew that he wasn’t inebriated, it was just that his Small Universe was filled to bursting.

“Dawn Squad is to remain here and stand guard for their Squad Leader. This King will head back to the Inner Sanctum and tell some Array Masters to come over and set up another layer of protection. The other Squads can return to their own places,” Cha Hu commanded.

Yang Kai directly sat down with his legs crossed on a flat area on the Universe fragment and started cultivating in silence.

This made him feel astounded as he was curious about the cultivation of the owner who left behind that Small Universe in ancient times. With that said, he was certain that the ancient Great Expert was more powerful than him. Perhaps he was in the Eighth-Order or even the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm. That was the reason Yang Kai had fallen into such a state even though the Sealed World he absorbed was clearly just a fragment of the original Small Universe.

Fortunately, it wasn’t difficult to resolve this problem. Yang Kai just had to get rid of the impurities that were useless to his Small Universe. By doing so, not only could he ensure his safety, but he could also keep the World Tree’s clone.

That was Yang Kai’s initial plan, but it would take a pretty long time to achieve it.

As he focused on examining his Small Universe, Yang Kai soon detected the presence of various abstruse Dao Essences which must have belonged to the ancient Great Expert.

When he and Bai Yi were exploring the Sealed World, they hadn’t felt anything special despite being inside it, but now that Yang Kai had gobbled up the entire Sealed World and it was sitting in his Small Universe, he started to clearly detect all the abstrusities hidden within. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

He could easily sense the tremendous Alchemic Dao Essence in the Sealed World.

It proved that his speculation was right. The owner of this Sealed World was indeed a skilful Alchemist. That was the reason he spent the time and effort to build a medicine garden in his Small Universe.

Alchemy in ancient times must be different from now; however, the 3,000 Grand Daos had never changed one bit since time immemorial.

The Alchemic Dao Essence in this Sealed World was a pleasant surprise to Yang Kai. If he could refine this Dao Essence, his mastery over the Alchemic Dao would be improved.

These days, he no longer sought to improve his Alchemy skills. Nevertheless, some of the herbs they had collected this time were unknown to the Human race, so they might have some amazing medical efficacies. His effort would be worth it if he could seize this chance to figure out the medical efficacies of those new Spirit Herbs.

Yang Kai got to work as he broke the Sealed World into pieces in his Small Universe. He would refine the Alchemic Dao Essence while getting rid of the impurities lest his foundation be affected.

It wasn’t easy to refine someone else’s Dao Essence; after all, it didn’t belong to Yang Kai. Although it was beneficial to him, it couldn’t perfectly fit into his Small Universe.

Inevitably, some of the Dao Essence would be wasted. As Yang Kai refined the Alchemic Dao Essence in the Sealed World, only 10% of it could be kept.

This was the result considering the fact that he had a World Spring. If he didn’t have it, he wouldn’t have been able to achieve nearly this high an assimilation rate.

At this moment, he couldn’t help but recall Wu Kuang. That guy was a monstrous genius whose Heaven Devouring Battle Law could devour anything and everything in the world and convert it to his own power. If he was the one refining these Dao Essences, he would be able to do so with ease.

Yang Kai was fully aware of the advantages of Heaven Devouring Battle Law; nevertheless, due to various concerns, he wouldn’t dare to use it.

Wu Kuang possessed the Flawless Purifying Golden Lotus, so regardless of how he used the Heaven Devouring Battle Law to absorb external forces, his foundation wouldn’t be affected one bit. Yang Kai had no way to replicate this feat.

The two Supreme Lotuses were indeed Supreme Treasures of the Universe. Although both the Soul Warming Lotus and Flawless Purifying Golden Lotus were extremely rare, one of them was useful for the Soul while the other worked on the body. They had different purposes. While Yang Kai was unable to achieve things that Wu Kuang could, Wu Kuang also wouldn’t be able to accomplish things that were effortless for Yang Kai.

Cha Hu had sent a number of Array Masters to come over and set up a protective Grand Array around the Universe fragment so that Yang Kai wouldn’t be disturbed by any external forces.

Dawn was also stationed here and its members took turns to stand guard for Yang Kai.

Nearly 20,000 soldiers were still swamped with work outside Blue Sky Pass, but without the harassment from the Black Ink Clan, the Black Ink Battlefield seemed to be more serene and less dreadful.

The place where Yang Kai cultivated in seclusion was safe. Feng Ying and the others could detect that his aura was unstable, but he wasn’t at risk of losing his life.

However, the moment this Universe fragment appeared in the void, its World Force dissipated and disappeared. Without the nourishment of World Force, all the plants on it withered instantly.

Feng Ying, who was on duty, was flabbergasted as she thought that something bad had happened. Nonetheless, she soon realised that this Universe fragment was expelled by Yang Kai during the refinement process. It was a part of the Sealed World as proven by the greenery on it.

That was the reason Yang Kai insisted on cultivating in seclusion outside of Blue Sky Pass instead of staying inside.

It was expected that the Sealed World in his body would be cut into countless pieces and some of them would be purged. If he entered Blue Sky Pass, these Universe fragments that appeared out of nowhere would undoubtedly damage the buildings in the Inner Sanctum. However, it was different outside Blue Sky Pass as Yang Kai could simply toss them away without affecting anything.

Upon that realization, Feng Ying dashed forward and put the Universe fragment inside her Small Universe. Then, she moved to a faraway place and discarded it.

The Universe fragment was just a dead land as all the World Force was gone, so Feng Ying wouldn’t keep it.

After that, a Universe fragment of a random size would appear near Yang Kai every 10 to 15 days. They were obviously the Universe fragments that he had discarded.

The members of Dawn would immediately deal with these fragments so that Yang Kai wouldn’t be disturbed.

As time passed, more and more Universe fragments were disposed of and Yang Kai’s aura became increasingly more stable while he no longer appeared pale. It was apparent that things were going well.

This situation lasted for 6 years.

During this period of time, the members of Dawn had always stayed by Yang Kai’s side.

Over the last six years, he had discarded countless Universe fragments.

When the last Universe fragment was gotten rid of one day, there were no longer any impurities inside his Small Universe. The World Tree, which was originally fixed to the Sealed World, had been extracted and simply needed to be planted in his Small Universe.

The instant the gigantic tree landed, Yang Kai’s entire Small Universe trembled. Even the World Spring didn’t seem able to curb the anomaly.

At that moment, Yang Kai was overwhelmed by a sense of dizziness as he almost couldn’t keep himself upright.

An invisible force exuded from the World Tree’s clone. With the World Tree as the centre, countless invisible threads spread out in all directions.

Those indiscernible threads penetrated every corner of Yang Kai’s Small Universe, and within moments, the World Tree merged with the Small Universe and the two became inseparable.