Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5059, So Strong

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

A Warship navigated through the void like an agile fish in water. As the Open Heaven Realm Masters channelled their World Force, the Arrays they were powering activated. The next moment, they launched violent attacks towards their enemies.

Every strike was equivalent to the attack of a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

The Black Ink Clansmen, who were running away, were unable to fend off the attacks and a large number of them were killed instantly, with the survivors scattering randomly.

This Warship was commanded by none other than Xu Ling Gong, who had his Squad members assisting him. They departed from Yin-Yang Pass and arrived at their destination just in time.

Before they could settle in though, they saw some Black Ink Clansmen fleeing in their direction.

Both Yang Kai and Xu Ling Gong knew that these Black Ink Clansmen must have fled from the resource harvesting area. The sight before their eyes suggested that the Humans had gained the upper hand on the battlefield, and they might have even broken the main force of the Black Ink Clan. That was the reason these Black Ink Clansmen were fleeing.

There wasn’t even a single Feudal Lord among this group, so they could be considered insignificant. Yang Kai and the others were not even interested in fighting against them as, by relying on the Warship’s power, they could destroy these Black Ink Clansmen with ease.

Presently, they were stationed on the route the Black Ink Clansmen had to pass through if they wanted to retreat to their territory. It was a plan devised by those from Yin-Yang Pass.

Now, they were waiting for the wounded Hei Yuan to arrive at this place. That would be the key moment when they would execute the plan that those from Yin-Yang Pass had come up with.

In order to make this plan a success, Yin-Yang Pass prematurely launched a comprehensive assault in the resource harvesting area so that Yang Kai could pretend to become a Black Ink Disciple and safely reach the Black Ink Clan’s hinterland. The different parts of this plan were connected in a meticulous way. Those from the Black Ink Clan could never have expected that the Humans would go to such great lengths just to sneak Yang Kai into their territory.

After the Warship navigated through the void for another half a day, they managed to kill a lot of Black Ink Clansmen. Eventually, they came across a group that was worthy of their attention.

There were over 100 Black Ink Clansmen in this group with 2 Feudal Lords leading them; however, both of them were wounded as they had been in a prolonged battle just now. The entire group was obviously dispirited.

The instant the Feudal Lords saw the Warship approaching, they were flabbergasted.

They could not understand why a Warship belonging to the Humans would appear in this kind of place.

It wasn’t the first time the Feudal Lords battled against Humans, so they were aware that this kind of Warship was powerful. Even though there were only a dozen or so people in a Human Squad, there would normally be 2 Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters with them. The Squad members, coupled with this Warship, were more than enough to deal with these wounded Black Ink Clansmen.

However, as the Feudal Lords thought of the fact that more of their comrades were on the way to this place, they set their minds at ease. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Regardless of the reason this Warship had appeared in this place, it was their best chance to earn some merits. As long as they could trap this Human Squad here, they could eventually subdue them when more of their clansmen arrived.

They had just suffered a humiliating defeat, so if they could make a contribution here, they might be spared some punishment when they returned.

At the thought of this, the Feudal Lords exchanged glances and nodded. They had come to a consensus without the need for a discussion.

One of the Feudal Lords quickly waved his hand and ordered, “Encircle them here, don’t let them flee!”

Upon finishing his words, he charged forward like a cat that had caught a whiff of fish. It was as though he was worried that he wouldn’t get a reward for not being the first one to make a move; however, what he saw the next instant astonished him.

He initially thought that this Squad, which was alone in this place, would immediately flee upon seeing so many Black Ink Clansmen, but things turned out very different from what he had anticipated. Instead of fleeing, the Squad actually sailed their Warship towards them.

Before the Warship even arrived, its Arrays started flickering.

The Feudal Lord, who was at the front, was dumbstruck as a sense of danger overwhelmed him. He quickly dodged away, and in the next instant, a powerful beam of light shot out and tore through the void.

Even though the Feudal Lord had successfully evaded the attack, he still felt an impact from it. He was already injured to begin with, so if he had been struck just now, he would most likely have lost his life.

When he turned his head, he felt his heart being cut to pieces. A gap had appeared in the middle of the group of over 100 Black Ink Clansmen. More than 20 of his subordinates had lost their lives following the attack.

Energy fluctuations flared again as two more beams of light were shot out from the Warship.

Even though the Black Ink Clansmen tried to dodge, many of them were still killed. After 3 attacks from the Warship, more than half of the Black Ink Clansmen were sent on the road to the Yellow Springs.

It didn’t end there though as all of a sudden, a figure dashed out of the Warship with a spear in his hands. With a simple thrust, the weapon seemed to ignore the distance between them and soon reached the Feudal Lord.

The Feudal Lord was horrified as he had never expected this Human to be so quick and hurriedly surged his Black Ink Strength to form a shield in front of him.

The usually impenetrable shield was unable to withstand this attack. As soon as the spear came into contact with the shield, the solid Black Ink Strength burst apart.

However, this momentary delay allowed the Feudal Lord to shift his figure so that his vitals wouldn’t be hit.

As dark blood spurted out, the spear pierced the Feudal Lord’s shoulder and stuck out the other side. The wounded Feudal Lord was both shocked and furious as he looked up and roared, clenching his fist tight as he punched out.

The attack contained a power that could destroy Heaven and shatter Earth.

However, the Feudal Lord missed his target.

He had no idea how the enemy disappeared, but when he detected the other party’s aura again, he felt a sense of danger coming at him from the side.

When he turned his head, he saw a dispassionate-looking young man and a sharp spear rapidly enlarging before his eyes.

At this life-and-death moment, the Feudal Lord raised his arms in an attempt to blunt the attack. At the same time, he puffed out a Black Ink Cloud from his mouth to engulf the Human in the hopes that the latter would back down.

The spear thrust through the Black Ink Cloud and slid past his arms before striking the Feudal Lord’s head and causing it to burst.

The young man dashed out of the Black Ink Cloud and brushed past the headless Feudal Lord without pause, his entire figure engulfed in murderous intent.

The battlefield fell silent.

The surviving Black Ink Clansmen were astonished, while at the same time, Xu Ling Gong and his Squad aboard the Warship felt their brows twitching.

“So strong…” Qing Kui, who was in charge of one of the arrays, gulped.

Even though he had been operating the array, he could clearly see what happened just now. It only took Yang Kai a couple of breaths to fly out of the Warship and kill a Feudal Lord in less than five moves.

A Feudal Lord was killed just like that.

Even though he was already injured to begin with, he was still a Feudal Lord equivalent to a Seventh-Order Human Master. Despite that, he was still as powerless as a child in front of Yang Kai.

This kind of overwhelming power was simply unheard of. Even though Qing Kui had seen a lot of Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters since coming to the Black Ink Battlefield, none of them was comparable to Yang Kai, not even his Honoured Master Xu Ling Gong.

He recalled that when he first met Yang Kai, both of them were only in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm. Due to various reasons, Yang Kai took part in the Dao Theory Assembly which was meant to select a Husband for Qu Hua Shang, and he eventually won first place. Since then, Yang Kai had become a famous figure among the Cave Heavens and Paradises.

Many years had passed, and now Yang Kai surpassed Qing Kui by a large margin when it came to strength.

After making some calculations, Qing Kui realised that he was already a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master when the brat was just Emperor Realm Junior. He was still in the Sixth-Order when this boy ascended to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm. When the brat made it to the Sixth Order, he was still a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Now that same Brat was in the Seventh-Order, while he was still in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

At the thought of this, Qing Kui felt dejected, thinking that he had wasted all the years he had lived.

Su Ying Xue, who was in charge of another array, seemed to have detected the change in his emotions, so she said gently, “There are always some people in the World who are extremely blessed with luck and talent, so there’s no point feeling bothered by it, Senior Brother. Since you’re not comparable to them, you should strive to be better by improving yourself each day. The only person you have to surpass is yourself.”

Qing Kui put on a helpless smile, “I understand, but… it’s the first time I realise there’s such a huge gap between someone else and me.”

Xu Ling Gong said in a serious tone, “Since you’re aware of your shortcomings, you can improve yourself. Considering that you’re not as lucky and talented as him, you have to work extra hard. On the road to the peak, nothing is more important than your own efforts.”

“Yes,” Qing Kui replied respectfully.

The Deputy Squad Leader, who was also a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, approached Xu Ling Gong and asked in a hushed voice, “Do we need to give him a hand, Squad Leader?”

Xu Ling Gong shook his head, “There’s no need for that. Just watch.”

Judging from the speed Yang Kai was able to kill a Feudal Lord, he would destroy these Black Ink Clansmen in no time even without any help from them.

As they spoke, the surviving Black Ink Clansmen had descended into chaos. The remaining Feudal Lord was horrified by the fact that his companion was killed in just a couple breaths of time. His strength was on par with that of his companion who was killed, but the latter was easily dispatched by Yang Kai with just two or three moves. He reckoned that he wouldn’t be a match for the young man either.

[Is this Human really a Seventh-Order Master?] The Feudal Lord almost went mad. He reckoned that even an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master couldn’t give him so much pressure. Why would there be such a horrifying Seventh-Order Human in this world?

Therefore, the instant Yang Kai turned to look at the Feudal Lord and locked his senses onto him, the latter directly turned around to flee without the intention to fight.

However, before he could escape any notable distance, he shuddered and became rooted to the spot.

When he lowered his head, he saw that the tip of a spear had stuck out from his chest. Black blood was streaming out of the wound, and it wasn’t until this moment that he was overwhelmed by a sense of excruciating pain.

While feeling despondent, the Feudal Lord wanted to make a final retaliatory strike, but Yang Kai quickly wielded his spear and surged his World Force. Following that, the Feudal Lord exploded into blood mist as his broken limbs scattered around the void.

“What a shame,” Yang Kai muttered under his breath. The first Feudal Lord had the guts to exchange moves with him in order to resist; however, this Feudal Lord just wanted to flee, which only accelerated his demise.

There were initially more than 100 Black Ink Clansmen in this group, but half of them were destroyed by the Warship in the opening salvo. Then, the two Feudal Lords were killed by Yang Kai’s spear. How were the remaining Black Ink Clansmen supposed to be a match for them now?

As the Warship and Yang Kai acted together, all the Black Ink Clansmen were soon killed.