Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5061, An Act Has to Be Convincing

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The sight before Hei Yuan’s eyes made him extremely furious. To begin with, they had already suffered a setback in the previous battle. The treacherous Humans suddenly mobilised a lot of soldiers to come over and help, which caught them off guard. Now, there wasn’t even a single Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master in this Squad, but they had managed to kill so many of the Black Ink Clansmen. Certainly, Hei Yuan would never tolerate this.

When did the Black Ink Clan become so weak? He was already in a terrible mood, and now, he was practically fuming.

The Feudal Lord said in a shaking voice, “Sir, one of the Seventh-Order Humans is unbelievably strong.”

Hei Yuan remained silent. In fact, he had already noticed this. The 3 Seventh-Order Humans were the core of this Squad, and while 2 of them were quite normal, displaying what would be expected from Seventh-Order Humans, the spear-holding young man was distinct as he was able to easily wipe out any Black Ink Clansmen that came near him. The extent of his strength was inconceivable.

While gazing at the spear-holding young man with narrowed eyes, Hei Yuan was astounded. It was no wonder that the Humans had the guts to intercept them here, for they had this young man with them.

However, such a young man was still too weak in front of a Territory Lord.

Hei Yuan snorted, “Pass on my orders. Kill them all regardless of what it takes!”

The Feudal Lord replied, “Yes.”

Without stopping, the large ship continued to inch closer to the battlefield. Following Hei Yuan’s order, the already intense battle became even more violent.

Initially, after Yang Kai killed some reckless Feudal Lords, the remaining hidden Feudal Lords didn’t dare to make a rash move again. They remained hidden and waited for better opportunities to strike.

Nevertheless, following Hei Yuan’s order, these Feudal Lords wouldn’t dare to delay despite their fear. They all started moving at once.

In an instant, Yang Kai and the others felt tremendously pressured and Xu Ling Gong and the Seventh-Order Vice Squad Leader were injured by some Feudal Lords in a moment of carelessness.

On such a battlefield, even the slightest injury could be fatal, for the Black Ink Strength permeating this place was highly corrosive. As time passed, even if their injuries didn’t worsen, they would still turn into Black Ink Disciples as they were no longer able to resist the Black Ink Strength.

Presently, Yang Kai’s left eye had turned golden while his right eye was completely black. In the darkness, he saw a Feudal Lord coming at him from the side. The Feudal Lord came at the worst possible moment as Yang Kai had just used a powerful attack and had yet to regain his balance. If nothing unexpected happened, this sneak attack would be successful.

However, the figure that Yang Kai was seeing through his black eye contorted in a weird manner all of a sudden. As if struck by lightning, the ferocious-looking Feudal Lord felt like a blade had cut across his waist. An excruciating pain spread from out, which delayed his sneak attack.

It was because of this momentary delay that he lost his life.

The Azure Dragon Spear bluntly jabbed into the Feudal Lord’s head as easily as if it were tofu.

As World Force surged, the bulky head exploded as dark blood started spurting from the neck of the headless corpse.

Right then, a Golden Crow was heard cawing as a Great Sun leapt into existence and crashed into the Black Ink Clansmen. Wherever the dazzling light covered, the Black Ink Clan instantly lost their lives.

Several Feudal Lords were killed by Yang Kai in just 10 breaths of time; however, there didn’t seem to be an end to this torrent as the Black Ink Clan continued charging towards him. The battle didn’t seem to be stopping anytime soon.

On this battlefield, Yang Kai was like a sheep that was surrounded by a pride of lions. Regardless of how hard he tried to resist, he was fated to be eaten alive.

Xu Ling Gong felt his heart sinking. While battling against the enemies, he caught sight of a large ship that had come to a halt not far away from them.

This was a flight-type artifact that the Black Ink Disciples had specifically refined for the Black Ink Clan. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

In such an environment, only the Territory Lords had the right to ride such a flight-type artifact.

Their target might very well be on this ship, and Xu Ling Gong could feel that someone strong was paying attention to them with a pair of gloomy eyes.

According to their plan, as long as Yang Kai came across that Territory Lord and got captured, their objective would be achieved.

Unfortunately, the Territory Lord didn’t seem to have the intention of showing up. Judging from the fierce reaction of these Black Ink Clansmen, Xu Ling Gong reckoned that the Territory Lord must have given the order to kill them ruthlessly.

In that case, how were they supposed to achieve their goal? It wasn’t like Yang Kai could simply go ahead and request to be a Black Ink Disciple. That would be a foolish thing to do.

It seemed that this Territory Lord had become bloodthirsty after the previous battle; hence, whenever he saw Humans, he just wanted to kill them all instead of turning them into Black Ink Disciples.

This was giving Xu Ling Gong a headache. However, things had come to such a point where he could only grit his teeth and soldier on.

A moment later, more Feudal Lords were killed.

On the deck, Hei Yuan sported an extremely gloomy expression. This couldn’t be helped, as the Feudal Lord he had sent to pass on his order was killed right in front of him.

The extent of the spear-holding young man’s power was inconceivable, which made Hei Yuan determined to end his life. This young man was only in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm now. When he grew to be powerful enough one day, even Hei Yuan wouldn’t be a match for him.

At the thought of this, he turned to look to the side.

There was an injured Feudal Lord who was just standing beside him, and the instant their eyes met, the Feudal Lord knew that Hei Yuan wanted him to join the battle as well. At that moment, he was terrified.

Presently, he was badly wounded, so he wouldn’t be of much help if he did join the battle. Even if he was still at the peak of his power though, he still wouldn’t be a match for the spear-wielding young man.

It was clear that this Human could chop up a Feudal Lord as easily as one would chop fruits and vegetables.

The Feudal Lord quickly racked his brain to come up with a solution, and before Hei Yuan could say anything, the Feudal Lord cupped his fist, “Sir, this Seventh-Order Human is indeed significantly more powerful than the others in the same Order. If you can capture him, he will be of great service to you.”

Hei Yuan frowned and fell silent when those words were spoken.

In fact, he had thought about turning the Seventh-Order Humans here into Black Ink Disciples; however, he was horribly injured right now, so it was difficult for him to make a move. Certainly, he would be more than happy if these Feudal Lords were able to corrupt them with Black Ink Strength. By then, he could just give an order, and these Feudal Lords wouldn’t dare to keep the Black Ink Disciples to themselves.

Nevertheless, these Feudal Lords were too timid in front of the young man, so they wouldn’t stand a chance to corrupt him. That was the reason he decided to kill the young man.

Still, Hei Yuan became increasingly tempted as the spear-holding young man was indeed an extraordinary cultivator. After corrupting such a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he could start nurturing him, and by the time this Black Ink Disciple ascended to the Eighth-Order or even the Ninth-Order, Hei Yuan would have the right to stand on equal footing with the Royal Lords.

Having said that, it wasn’t easy to corrupt a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master with Black Ink Strength. Most Humans didn’t seem to fear death at all, and there had been countless precedents where the Humans would rather commit suicide than become Black Ink Disciples.

If he decided to make a move, he had to achieve his goal in one swift strike; otherwise, the young man would definitely launch a desperate counterattack.

If he was still at the peak of his power, dealing with a Seventh-Order Human would be a trivial matter; however, since he was wounded now, Hei Yuan had to be more cautious.

Therefore, if he wanted to turn this young man, he had to weaken him first in order to achieve his goal.

Just then, the Feudal Lord exclaimed in a pleasantly surprised tone, “Sir, that Human has been invaded by Black Ink Strength!”

Hei Yuan looked over and saw that the young man’s face was indeed covered in a thin black aura, which was obviously Black Ink Strength. Hei Yuan was naturally familiar with this sight.

After giving it a thought, he realised that it wasn’t surprising. Regardless of how powerful a Seventh-Order Human was, he couldn’t possibly resist Black Ink Strength forever.

If nothing unexpected happened, this young man would have to give up a portion of his Small Universe in order to save himself soon.

This kind of situation was commonly seen on the battlefields. Whenever the Humans were corrupted, they would rather damage their own foundations than degenerate into Black Ink Disciples.

Hei Yuan was already used to this, but he was pleased to see this moment. When the young man’s foundation was damaged, it would be much easier to corrupt him. Humans could give up a small part of their Small Universe once or twice, but they couldn’t possibly keep doing it endlessly.

However, what happened next was vastly different from what Hei Yuan had imagined.

On the battlefield, the young man fished out some kind of Spirit Pill and stuffed it into his mouth.

After a short moment, the dark aura around the young man’s face dissipated.

Hei Yuan widened his eyes in disbelief, “What did he just eat?”

The Feudal Lord was unable to reply to him as he had no idea what had happened either.

“What the Hell did he just eat!?” Hei Yuan roared. The young man had shown signs of being corrupted, but he resolved that crisis by consuming a Spirit Pill. In other words, the Humans had developed a method to resist Black Ink Strength!

In fact, the Black Ink Clan already had some speculations about this. That was because they hadn’t managed to turn any Humans into Black Ink Disciples since more than 10 years ago. However, that remained a speculation that couldn’t be verified.

Now, Hei Yuan saw it with his own eyes.

In that case, the thing that the Humans relied on to deal with Black Ink Strength was a kind of Spirit Pill. What kind of pill would have such an effect? Hei Yuan was deathly curious about this and was determined to get to the bottom of it.

If he could figure out this secret, it would be a huge merit that would more than offset the fact that he had lost the previous battle.

On the battlefield, Xu Ling Gong seized the chance and secretly spoke to Yang Kai via Divine Sense, “Brat, what are you doing?”

He was fully aware of Yang Kai’s situation. This guy had a World Spring, so he could never be corrupted by Black Ink Strength; however, he pretended to be invaded by Black Ink Strength and consumed a Spirit Pill to put on an act.

Since Xu Ling Gong was literally standing beside Yang Kai, he saw that it was just an ordinary Open Heaven Pill, not a Purifying Black Ink Pill.

Yang Kai swept his spear across the Black Ink Clansmen in front of him and killed them all. While catching his breath, he replied, “Since we’re putting on an act, it has to be convincing. This Territory Lord is a patient one, so we have to tempt him to show up.”

A speechless Xu Ling Gong decided to stop talking and focused on killing the enemies.

The Territory Lord hadn’t shown up despite being nearby, which suggested that he was badly injured and was thus acting more cautious in every decision he made.