Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5095, Please Cut Your Cultivations, Senior Brothers

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Strictly speaking, Yang Kai’s plan was a crude one with many factors that were beyond his control. For example, he wasn’t certain whether Qing Lei would leave at the appropriate time. And, how was he going to escape from the Sealed World when a Territory Lord was guarding the portal? Even if he managed to flee from the Sealed World, how would he shake off the Black Ink Clan’s pursuit?

He didn’t have time to ponder on all these issues though, nor was it useful for him to do so.

Since the plan was crude, it meant that there were too many variables he could not account for. The only thing he could do was to launch a sneak attack and kill Nie An.

Under Nie An’s leadership, the Warship was about to be completed, and Qing Lei had left at this point. Regardless of how crude the plan was, it had to be executed immediately.

Since Nie An was dead, the Black Ink Clan’s plan would come to a halt. As for whether Yang Kai could bring the other Artifact Refiners to flee from this Sealed World, and how he would get rid of the Black Ink Clan’s pursuit after that, he could only leave it up to the Heavens.

Upon confirming that Nie An was dead, Yang Kai was relieved. Then, he madly absorbed the powers of Yellow and Blue Crystals in his Small Universe and activated Purifying Light.

There were several hundred Artifact Refiners on the Warship now. Over the past six months, under Nie An’s leadership, everyone was constantly building the Warship, so no one had time to rest. All of them had gathered together, which gave Yang Kai a chance to deal with them all at once.

Other than Wu Xing He and the other two Grandmasters, whose Black Ink Strength had been dispelled some time ago, these hundreds of Artifact Refiners were still Black Ink Disciples.

In order to make these Black Ink Disciples work with him, Yang Kai had to restore their true natures first.

With Yang Kai as the centre, Purifying Light exploded outwards and soon engulfed the entire Warship as well as all the Artifact Refiners.

Sizzling noises were heard coming from everywhere as Black Ink Strength leaked from these Artifact Refiners before fading into nothingness under the intense white light.

Just a moment later, all the Artifact Refiners regained their senses as Humans. The turn of events startled them as they had no idea what was going on.

With that said, they still remembered what had happened over the years and instantly felt ashamed and vexed that they had actually built a Warship for the Black Ink Clan.

With no time to waste, Wang Si Bo and Guan Ning quickly told them what was going on in loud voices and calmed them down.

Following a temporary commotion and puzzlement, these Artifact Refiners followed the instructions of Wang Si Bo and Guan Ning as they took charge of the arrays and infused their powers into them.

Outside of the Warship, the Black Ink Clansmen were perplexed as they had no idea what was going on within the light barrier. They reckoned that something had gone wrong and many of the Feudal Lords were now shouting. Some of them even started attacking the light barrier in order to find out what was going on inside.

Right then, a humming sound was heard as the Warship rose into the air. Following that, violent attacks were shot from its weapons.

Many of the unprepared Black Ink Clansmen suffered injuries or were killed in this initial bombardment. Even some of the Feudal Lords were badly injured.

Although Nie An’s return was terrible news to Yang Kai, the Warship built under his leadership was of great help now.

The capabilities of this Warship were not comparable to those of the Warships owned by the Humans, but it was already good enough to be deployed in battle. Moreover, with hundreds of Artifact Refiners present, they were able to unleash the Warship’s full power; after all, they were the ones who built it, so they were the ones most familiar with its capabilities.

Nothing was more enjoyable in the world than using the Warship they had crafted to deal with the Black Ink Clan. These Artifact Refiners madly channelled their World Force to vent out their grievances of becoming the Black Ink Clan’s lackeys.

As the Warship roared to life, all the offensive arrays were fully activated. The consumption of energy did not bother the people on the vessel. Faced with this barrage of attacks, the surrounding Black Ink Clansmen had no choice but to flee.

The Black Ink Clansmen would counterattack from time to time, but they wouldn’t dare to use all of their powers, and the light barrier around the Warship could easily fend off such tepid attacks.

Before the Black Ink Clansmen were certain what was going on with the Warship, they wouldn’t dare to destroy it. They had been staying in this Sealed World for a long time, so they knew that these Artifact Refiners were valuable assets as well as talented people that the Royal Lord had high hopes for. Hence, no one would dare to deal a lethal blow to them. If they accidentally killed some of these precious Artifact Refiners, they would surely be executed as well.

Since they were concerned about accidentally killing the Artifact Refiners, the Warship only became more unstoppable.

One of the Feudal Lords came to his senses soon and shouted, “Inform Sir Mei Qiong about this, now!”

In fact, Mei Qiong was already gazing in their direction while feeling shocked and doubtful, a solemn expression on his face.

The energy fluctuations coming from the Warship were violent, and as a Territory Lord, he had certainly detected them. However, he was tasked with guarding the portal, so he couldn’t leave as he pleased. Therefore, despite realising the anomaly, he didn’t immediately go over and look into the matter right away.

After all, he had felt energy fluctuations coming from the Warship in the past when the Artifact Refiners were experimenting with its offensive and defensive artifacts.

Nevertheless, this time seemed to be different. After hesitating for a bit, Mei Qiong said to one of his subordinates, “Go over there and find out what’s going on.”

Upon receiving the order, the Feudal Lord quickly left to investigate.

At this moment, Yang Kai was moving around the Warship. Although the Humans managed to gain the upper hand by leveraging the Warship’s power and making a move first, the Black Ink Clansmen would soon react accordingly.

Although Qing Lei was not around, it was not easy to deal with Mei Qiong. Once the Territory Lord arrived, the Humans wouldn’t be able to fight against him despite having the Warship; after all, this vessel was not complete to begin with, and many of the arrays were damaged after Nie An exploded.

Yang Kai had to transfer these Artifact Refiners inside his Small Universe before Mei Qiong realised what was going on so that they would stand a better chance of fleeing; otherwise, with so many people around, they couldn’t possibly flee.

Other than Wu Xing He and the two Grandmasters, the rest of the 300 or so Artifact Refiners were below the Seventh Order; therefore, Yang Kai could easily keep them inside his Small Universe.

Wherever he went, the Artifact Refiners would disappear as they were stuffed into his Small Universe.

Without these Artifact Refiners powering it, the Warship was weakening rapidly.

After just 10 breaths of time, only Yang Kai and the three Grandmasters were left on the Warship. The Warship instantly became powerless, which startled the Black Ink Clansmen around it.

Yang Kai quickly shouted, “Please cut your cultivations, Senior Brothers!” Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Wu Xing He and the others were in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, which was the same Order as Yang Kai. Usually, Yang Kai wouldn’t be able to keep them inside his Small Universe; however, if they were willing to give up a part of their Small Universes and force their Order to regress, there wouldn’t be a problem.

This was part of Yang Kai’s plan, so Wu Xing He and the others were aware of it.

Therefore, at this moment, they did not hesitate to sacrifice parts of their Small Universes. In order to save time, they ferociously sliced off large chunks of their Small Universe to quickly weaken themselves.

Just moments later, their Orders all fell from the Seventh Order to the Sixth Order. Their faces were pale, and the Soul-wrenching pain caused them to tremble uncontrollably.

Yang Kai had gone through the pain of sacrificing a part of his Small Universe before, so he understood how they felt; however, their Orders regressing was a small price to pay to escape with their lives. After all, when they returned to the Humans’ side safely, they could consume Profound Yin Spirit Fruits to repair their Small Universes. If they lost their lives, nothing else would matter.

Soon, Wu Xing He and the others were also put inside Yang Kai’s Small Universe.

Any other Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master wouldn’t be able to keep these 300 Open Heaven Realm Masters in their Small Universes; after all, there was a limit to the capacity of a Seventh-Order Master’s Small Universe. By keeping too many Open Heaven Realm Masters, they would find it hard to utilise their World Force, and their strength would plunge.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai wasn’t affected one bit. He wasn’t certain if it was because his heritage was ample or for some other reason.

With that said, this was undoubtedly good news to him.

However, without Wu Xing He and the other Grandmasters taking charge, the light barrier around the Warship instantly disappeared. It wasn’t until this moment that the Black Ink Clansmen saw what was going on.

The sight before their eyes astounded them.

Presently, the several hundred Artifact Refiners had gone missing from the Warship, leaving only one person behind. Besides that, the Warship seemed to have been impacted by a violent explosion and many places were evidently damaged.

[What happened?]

All the Black Ink Clansmen were perplexed.

Standing on the deck, Yang Kai ignored the clamour coming from the Black Ink Clansmen and instead stared intently at the portal.

He could sense that Mei Qiong’s aura was approaching quickly, obviously having detected the abnormal situation over here.

After letting out a breath, Yang Kai channelled as much strength as he could into the defensive array beneath his feet. The next moment, the light barrier reappeared around the Warship. However, this time, it could only serve as a shield and could no longer prevent others from looking through it.

Following that, he turned the Warship in a different direction and drove it towards the portal.

From afar, he could see a dark light approaching the vessel. It was none other than Mei Qiong, who was responsible for guarding the portal, followed by a large number of Feudal Lords.

At this moment, Mei Qiong was both shocked and furious.

Although he had already detected the anomaly taking place in the mountain valley earlier, he didn’t immediately come over to have a look considering that the Humans had been experimenting with the powers of the artifacts recently. Therefore, he only told a subordinate to look into the matter; however, he was astonished by the news he received.

For some reason, the Warship started attacking the Black Ink Clansmen in the mountain valley and caused a lot of casualties.

This was simply intolerable!

Were the Human Artifact Refiners out of their minds? How did they have the guts to make a move on the Black Ink Clan? What prompted them to do so?

Before Qing Lei left, he told Mei Qiong that the Warship was almost complete, so he had to head to the Royal City and share this good news with the Royal Lord.

Nevertheless, such an incident happened not long after he left. As the only Territory Lord in this place now, how was Mei Qiong supposed to take responsibility? If the Royal Lord blamed this debacle on him, he would be severely punished despite being a Territory Lord.

Like a rumbling volcano, the fury in Mei Qiong’s chest was about to erupt.

From afar, he saw that the Warship built by the Human Artifact Refiners was coming at him at full speed, and standing on the deck was one person whose expression was cold and indifferent.

He was the Artifact Refiner sent to this place by Hei Yuan!

[Why is he the only one here? Where are the others?]