Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5101, Like Maggots on Rotting Bones

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai was on his last legs, so he wouldn’t dare to be negligent when he was facing a Territory Lord.

Although Hei Yuan didn’t intend to kill him as he wanted to capture him alive, Yang Kai certainly wouldn’t grant his wish. If he was really captured by Hei Yuan and sent to the Royal City, he would become a servant for the Black Ink Clan for the rest of his life.

Before Hei Yuan could get close to him, Yang Kai drew on whatever power was left in his Small Universe.

Strike first to gain the advantage!

As the Golden Crow cawed, a Great Sun leapt from behind him, burning with a brilliant radiance.

At the same time, a Full Moon rose as well, casting its frigid cold glow.

As the Sun and Moon appeared simultaneously, Space Principles madly fluctuated. The Sun and Moon started spinning around in tandem, transforming into a kaleidoscope where Space Principles and Time Principles intertwined and formed into Space-Time Strength before spiralling towards Hei Yuan.

Sun and Moon Divine Wheel!

Faced with a formidable enemy like Hei Yuan, Yang Kai wouldn’t dare to hold back any of his strength and directly used his most powerful method.

Hei Yuan stopped in his tracks and instinctively felt a horrifying power coming from this Secret Technique. This caused his expression to turn solemn. Covered in the mysterious force, he even felt that his mind and body had been affected.

Thick Black Ink Strength erupted from his body and formed into a shield around him. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Right after he did that, he was stunned to realise that the Secret Technique, which had looked far away just now, was already about to strike him.

A violent force swept across the void and caused the local space to tremble. Hei Yuan was forced backwards several steps while the Black Ink Clansmen who were surrounding Yang Kai were instantly vaporized despite only being hit by the attack’s fallout.

A moment later, the terrifying force settled. Hei Yuan stood there stiffly, a strange and mysterious force wandering around his figure like arcs of lightning.

The surviving Black Ink Clansmen stared at Hei Yuan in shock, as they were worried he had been killed just like that; after all, they had witnessed how terrifying Yang Kai’s Secret Technique was. They had no idea what would happen to their Territory Lord after being struck head-on by such an attack.

Fortunately for them, even though Hei Yuan seemed affected by the Secret Technique, he wasn’t at risk of losing his life. Just a moment later, his figure shook and the lingering arcs of lightning around him were shattered. After he sprayed out a mouthful of black blood, his aura weakened slightly.

He then turned to look in a different direction and gritted his teeth. The next instant, he transformed into a dark light and shot forward.

It wasn’t until this moment that the surviving Black Ink Clansmen realised that Yang Kai was gone. Apparently, Yang Kai ran away right after he cast his Secret Technique. However, they were not powerful enough to resist the influence of the Secret Technique on their senses, so they were not aware that Yang Kai had fled.

Just then, Yang Kai reappeared from the Void. He staggered and almost couldn’t support his own weight, his face as pale as a sheet of paper.

There was no doubt that the heritage of his Small Universe was indeed far richer than those of the other Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters; however, since he started fleeing from the Sealed World near the Royal City, he had been constantly manipulating Space Principles and pushing himself to his limits. It also took him quite a bit of effort to kill Liu Zi An and Gui Liao earlier. Furthermore, he almost used up all his energy to cast his most powerful Secret Technique at Hei Yuan.

Fortunately, he had the World Tree clone with him; otherwise, his Small Universe would have been affected given the state he was in. That would have been a huge problem.

Yang Kai wouldn’t dare to remain and quickly fished out a handful of Open Heaven Pills from his Space Ring and stuffed them into his mouth. Although Open Heaven Pills couldn’t help restore his power quickly, it was better than nothing. Moreover, the living creatures in his Small Universe would continuously produce World Force for him, which helped restore his strength over time.

The moment he took a step forward though, Yang Kai realised that an aura had locked onto him from afar.

There was no doubt that it was Hei Yuan.

As a Black Ink Territory Lord, he could easily ascertain Yang Kai’s whereabouts as long as the latter wasn’t too far away.

Yang Kai cursed. He didn’t expect his Sun and Moon Divine Wheel to kill Hei Yuan; after all, there was a huge gap between their powers as Hei Yuan was in a higher relative Realm. Despite that, he still hoped that the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel could wound Hei Yuan and tie him down for a moment. As long as he could escape Hei Yuan’s perception range, he could shake him off and gain some safety.

However, Yang Kai hadn’t expected that Hei Yuan would recover so quickly. Now that he had been targeted by Hei Yuan’s aura, it wouldn’t be easy to get rid of him, unless Yang Kai could continuously use Instantaneous Movement to open a large gap between them.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai was unable to do so at this moment. He couldn’t even activate Instantaneous Movement once, let alone repeatedly.

Left with no choice, he could only try to restore his energy while doing his best to flee.

An enraged Hei Yuan moved across the void swiftly, shortening the distance between them.

To add insult to injury, Yang Kai would come across some Black Ink Clansmen who got in his way from time to time. There was no doubt that they were all residents of Hei Yuan’s territory. Upon receiving Hei Yuan’s order, they started forming into different teams to cover a wide range. There were only a small number of people in every team, ranging from 10 to 30, their leader usually a single Feudal Lord.

Although these Black Ink Clansmen couldn’t harm Yang Kai, they could slow him down. Yang Kai either had to avoid clashing with them or force his way through them. Regardless of what option he took, he would have to consume both strength and time.

Barely one hour later, Yang Kai broke through his third blockade; however, Hei Yuan was also getting closer to him.

Seeing that it would reach a critical point where Hei Yuan would be able to make a move against him, Yang Kai hesitated no more and pushed his Space Principles. By using Instantaneous Movement, he disappeared from the spot in an instant.

He used up what little energy he had recovered with that one move.

Over the next day or so, such incidents would happen roughly every hour. The gap between Yang Kai and Hei Yuan would shorten and widen in a seemingly endless cycle.

Yang Kai felt extremely bitter as he was unable to get rid of Hei Yuan, who was just like maggots on rotting bones.

On several occasions, he almost couldn’t widen the gap between them at the most critical moments, allowing Hei Yuan’s attacks to graze him from afar, which exacerbated the horrible situation he was already in.

By straining himself for a long period of time, Yang Kai realised that his vision had turned blurry. The pounding of his heart against his chest could clearly be heard, as though it couldn’t endure the immense strain and would explode at any moment.

While he was trying his hardest to escape, Hei Yuan wasn’t exactly feeling any better. Pursuing such a fast and tricky enemy had left him exhausted as well; however, in order to make up for his mistake, he would never let Yang Kai go. Only by capturing Yang Kai and bringing him to the Royal City would he be able to appease the Royal Lord; otherwise, he would be doomed.

The Warship plan was critical to the future of the entire Black Ink Clan, yet it was ruined because of his negligence. It was expected that the Royal Lord wouldn’t easily let him off.

Initially, Yang Kai thought that things would get better after he left Hei Yuan’s territory; after all, all the Black Ink Clansmen he came across all along were Hei Yuan’s subordinates.

However, he realised he was mistaken upon fleeing from Hei Yuan’s domain.

Instead of getting better, things actually got worse.

The Black Ink Clansmen he bumped into in Hei Yuan’s territory only came in small teams; therefore, he was able to force his way out despite being besieged.

However, right after he left Hei Yuan’s territory, Yang Kai came across an entire Black Ink Clan army!

It was an army consisting of several tens of thousands of troops.

Among all those Black Ink Clansmen, Yang Kai clearly detected a powerful aura coming from another Territory Lord. Moreover, the direction they were travelling suggested that they were heading towards Yin-Yang Pass.

If Yang Kai rashly charged forward, he wouldn’t stand a chance to escape. The Territory Lord in charge of the Army just had to cooperate with Hei Yuan, who was chasing him from behind, and they would easily capture him.

Soon, Yang Kai came to realise something.

The Black Ink army wasn’t there to intercept him. Instead, they were heading to the main battlefield.

In order to facilitate the Old Ancestor’s plan and save Yang Kai, the Humans had emptied out Yin-Yang Pass. Certainly, the Black Ink Clan had to meet the Humans in battle. The Territory Lords and Feudal Lords called the roll in the shortest time possible and set out towards Yin-Yang Pass from all different directions.

The army before Yang Kai’s eyes was just one of many.

At that instant, Yang Kai fell into a dilemma.

If he continued heading in Yin-Yang Pass’ direction, he would only come across even more Black Ink Clan armies. Even if he was in peak condition, he still could never hope to break through all of their blockades, unless the Masters from Yin-Yang Pass could work with him to open a safe passageway.

However, Yang Kai was in a terrible state, and he hadn’t managed to restore a lot of his strength, so this idea was not feasible. Once he blindly used Instantaneous Movement, he might land right in the middle of a large Black Ink Clan army. When that happened, it would be akin to stepping right into the enemies’ trap.

It was impossible for him to avoid running into these Black Ink Clan armies and return to Yin-Yang Pass. Worse, every enemy army had a Territory Lord overseeing it as they were practically the Territory Lord’s own subordinates. Hei Yuan alone was able to leave Yang Kai battered and exhausted. If he had to contend with other Territory Lords as well, he would fall into an even more horrible state.

Nonetheless, where could he go if he couldn’t return to Yin-Yang Pass?

While he was hesitating, the Territory Lord from the army up ahead scanned his surroundings with his Divine Sense and seemed to detect Yang Kai’s presence.

After gritting his teeth, Yang Kai turned around and transformed into a ray of light.

Soon, the Territory Lord’s Divine Sense detected a trace of aura left behind by Yang Kai. After giving it a thought, he soon figured out what was happening. However, he was tasked with dealing with the Humans’ Army, so he wouldn’t dare to be distracted. A moment later, he decided to ignore it and retracted his Divine Sense.

The moment Yang Kai turned in a different direction, Hei Yuan followed, a hint of surprise flashing across his face.

He was surprised to realise that Yang Kai didn’t head straight towards Yin-Yang Pass, but after pondering on it for a moment, he soon figured out what Yang Kai was worried about. He snorted and thought, [Where else can you go if you can’t go back to Yin-Yang Pass?]

Hei Yuan had somewhat figured out the condition that Yang Kai was in, so he firmly believed that as long as he persevered, he would capture Yang Kai sooner or later. Now, he just had to wait for Yang Kai to lose all of his strength.

While he was in his thoughts though, he suddenly lost track of Yang Kai.

The realisation astounded him.