Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5102, A Bold Plan

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Mid-pursuit, Hei Yuan suddenly stopped in his tracks and spread out his powerful Divine Sense to scan the surroundings; however, regardless of how hard he tried, he couldn’t find Yang Kai’s whereabouts.

This caused his expression to darken.

[I can’t believe I lost him! How is that even possible!?]

Yang Kai was on his last legs with little energy left. How did he escape Hei Yuan’s range of perception in such a state?

Hei Yuan didn’t think Yang Kai was powerful enough to cut off the thread of aura he had locked onto him as there was a huge gap between their powers. If Yang Kai was capable of doing that, he would’ve done it earlier instead of waiting until now. Moreover, Hei Yuan didn’t feel that his aura was forcefully cut off; rather, it felt like Yang Kai just vanished somehow.

The only logical explanation was that Yang Kai had massively widened the gap between them in an instant. As a result, Hei Yuan’s aura wasn’t able to locate him.

However, Yang Kai didn’t have much strength left. Even though he could use a special technique that would help him move across several tens of thousands of kilometres in an instant, he couldn’t possibly have done such a thing repeatedly in his current state.

How could he have regained so much energy in such a short period of time?

With a gloomy expression, Hei Yuan stood still in the same spot, not knowing what to do.

The void was expansive, so now that he had lost track of Yang Kai, how was he supposed to look for him? But soon, he pulled himself together. The Black Ink Clan’s armies were heading in Yin-Yang Pass’ direction, so Yang Kai couldn’t possibly go that way. That was the reason he turned around and continued fleeing. In other words, regardless of where he was, he was still within the Black Ink Clan’s territory.

As long as Yang Kai was still in their territory, his whereabouts would be exposed sooner or later.

At the thought of this, Hei Yuan started taking action by heading to the Fief of a Feudal Lord nearest to this place.

The Feudal Lord of the Fief had led his tenants towards the battlefield, so although there were still a lot of Black Ink Clansmen who stayed behind, none of them was particularly powerful.

Since Hei Yuan had shown up, these weak Black Ink Clansmen would naturally obey his orders without question. Soon, with the Black Ink Nest in this place as the centre, word was spread across all of Mu Guang Royal Lord’s domain. Within moments, Black Ink Clansmen from all over could be seen searching for Yang Kai.

Meanwhile, Yang Kai was hiding in a Black Ink Cloud and recuperating.

Just like Hei Yuan had speculated, Yang Kai had relied on Instantaneous Movements to shake off his tracking aura. The reason he had enough energy to use Instantaneous Movement repeatedly was that he had consumed a Low-Rank World Fruit.

When he left the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary back then, Yang Kai brought 16 World Fruits with him. The 3 Mid-Rank World Fruits had been put to good use while the remaining 13 Low-Rank World Fruits were somewhat useless.

He had given one Low-Rank World Fruit to Guo Zi Yan, which allowed him to ascend from the Second-Order to the Third-Order Open Heaven Realm. As for the remaining Low-Rank World fruits, he basically had no use for them. Although they came from the World Tree, they were not valuable to him at all.

Most had stayed in his Small Universe for such a long time that Yang Kai had almost forgotten about them.

It wasn’t until his Small Universe was thoroughly exhausted this time that he recalled them. Although they were not valuable, they were the best Spirit Fruits to replenish one’s World Force.

After consuming a Low-Rank World Fruit, Yang Kai regained enough strength in his Small Universe in a short time to use Instantaneous Movement several times in a row.

It was thanks to the Low-Rank World Fruit that he shook off Hei Yuan and hid inside this Black Ink Cloud.

Even though he was safe for the time being, he knew that he would not be safe for long as he was still deep inside the Black Ink Clan’s territory. There was no way Hei Yuan would let him off.

At least he finally had a chance to take a breather. It felt terrible to have so little energy left in his Small Universe. If he had enough energy, he could fight or flee despite being no match for his opponents.

Upon making sure that Hei Yuan hadn’t found him, Yang Kai quickly tried to restore his energy.

He didn’t consume another Low-Rank World Fruit. With this experience, he naturally wouldn’t waste something that could quickly restore a large amount of his strength. Instead, he stuffed a lot of Open Heaven Pills into his mouth before fishing out a set of Seventh-Order materials to refine in order to replenish his spent World Force.

Unfortunately, this moment of rest didn’t last long. Barely half a day later, Yang Kai felt several auras barge into the Black Ink Cloud he was hiding in.

Those auras were not powerful, only High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen.

With a frown, Yang Kai tried his best to conceal his aura.

There were countless Black Ink Clouds of different sizes in the Black Ink Clan’s territory and usually, the Black Ink Clan wouldn’t pay them any mind. However, the fact that these High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen carefully searched this Black Ink Cloud showed that they were looking for Yang Kai.

Initially, Yang Kai hoped that they would be negligent so that he could continue recuperating; unfortunately, one of the High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen directly flew towards his hiding place.

A moment later, the High-Rank Black Ink Clan stood right in front of him. Lifting his gaze, he saw a vague figure hiding somewhere inside the Black Ink Cloud, but before he could get a closer look, he saw a fist flying out and striking him.

As the violent force exploded, the High-Rank Black Ink Clansman turned into a blood mist without even a chance to scream.

“Over there!” One of the Black Ink Clansmen exclaimed upon detecting the movement. As soon as he finished speaking, he was struck by an immense force and sent to the afterlife.

Two breaths of time later, Yang Kai dashed out of the Black Ink Cloud. The High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen who had barged into the Black Ink Cloud had all lost their lives.

“That Human is here!”

“We found him!”

“Quickly inform Sir Hei Yuan!”

The moment the surrounding Black Ink Clansmen saw Yang Kai, they became startled for a moment before coming to their senses and shouting.

Yang Kai looked around and realised that the Black Ink Clansmen were scattered everywhere. They were thoroughly searching through the void in order to ascertain his whereabouts. Although they were weak, there were too many of them to avoid.

Hei Yuan didn’t think these weaklings could harm Yang Kai, he just wanted to make sure that Yang Kai had nowhere to hide.

Amidst the chaos, the Black Ink Clansman closest to Yang Kai cast a Secret Technique at him.

Yang Kai secretly cursed. Although he knew that Hei Yuan wouldn’t let him off, he hadn’t expected the other party to move so swiftly. Judging from the way these Black Ink Clansmen searched for him, it seemed that he would have nowhere to hide no matter where he went.

After dodging the attack, Yang Kai summoned his Azure Dragon Spear and displayed his Supreme Limitless Spear Art to the enemy. Despite being besieged by so many Black Ink Clansmen, he managed to force his way out.

Those Black Ink Clansmen hadn’t expected Yang Kai to be so ferocious, but after suffering a setback, they had learned their lesson. Wherever Yang Kai went, they would keep their distance and not directly engage him.

Yang Kai continued charging forward until there were no longer a lot of Black Ink Clansmen around him. It was then he manipulated Space Principles and left this area using Instantaneous Movement.

A moment later, Hei Yuan arrived, but after asking around, he could only snarl through clenched teeth, “Keep searching for him! When you find him, do your best to delay him! Anyone who dares not to fight will die by my hand!”

Upon receiving the order, these Black Ink Clansmen wouldn’t dare to disobey Hei Yuan despite feeling bitter.

Soon, Yang Kai realised that he was like a rat that these Black Ink Clansmen were determined to corner. Wherever he went, the Black Ink Clansmen would soon find him. Furthermore, he realised that the way these Black Ink Clansmen dealt with him had changed. Initially, he just had to kill a few of them and the rest would flee, allowing him to escape with little effort.

Now, however, these Black Ink Clansmen refused to back down regardless of how ferocious he was. It was as though they were determined to drag him down even if they had to die.

However, without a Territory Lord around, how were they supposed to stop Yang Kai from escaping? Their reckless charge only caused even more casualties.

Presently, Yang Kai was glad that the Yin-Yang Pass Armies had tied down the main Black Ink Clan force; otherwise, he couldn’t have kept moving around the Black Ink Clan’s territory.

At the very least, the only Territory Lord he had to deal with so far was Hei Yuan. Mu Guang Royal Lord was locked in battle with the Old Ancestor from Yin-Yang Pass while most of the Territory Lords had probably left this place to intercept the Humans from Yin-Yang Pass.

Perhaps there were still some Territory Lords who stayed back in Mu Guang’s territory, but there wouldn’t be a lot of them. Yang Kai reckoned that he would be fine as long as he was cautious enough.

The only problem he had to face was how he could get rid of Hei Yuan and circumvent the Black Ink Clan’s army to rejoin the people from Yin-Yang Pass. That was indeed a difficult task.

With that said, he was already in a better situation than before. At the very least, he had restored some of his strength, so unlike some time ago he was no longer running on empty.

Most of the Territory Lords must have headed to the battlefield, so there wouldn’t be a lot of them who stayed back.

At the thought of this, Yang Kai racked his brain and came up with a bold plan.

The more he thought about it, the more he was inclined to believe that this plan was feasible. If this plan was successfully carried out, it would deal a heavy blow to the Black Ink Clan.

He became excited in an instant. Hei Yuan would never have thought that Yang Kai would be so reckless.

Since he had made a decision, Yang Kai did not hesitate to carry out his plan. After killing for a bit, he stopped dealing with the Black Ink Clansmen around him and manipulated Space Principles to flee.

Hei Yuan had been in a terrible mood recently, but despite feeling vexed, he had no way to vent his anger.

Just like he had expected, Yang Kai didn’t have a chance to leave the Black Ink Clan’s domain after escaping from him and was instead now wandering around the Black Ink Clan’s territory. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

With the help of the Black Ink Nests, Hei Yuan could easily get feedback from different places and accurately locate Yang Kai.

However, this method couldn’t help him capture Yang Kai. Every time he received the news and rushed to the place where Yang Kai appeared, he would only find the corpses of Black Ink Clansmen while Yang Kai was nowhere to be seen.

Although he was stronger than Yang Kai, he didn’t have a chance to make a move against him, leaving him feeling frustrated and helpless.

In his fury, Hei Yuan even killed 100 or so Black Ink Clansmen who had retreated in fear when they confronted Yang Kai.

Based on what Hei Yuan learned from the surviving Black Ink Clansmen who had fought with Yang Kai, he confirmed that this annoying Human was recovering. Yang Kai seemed to be doing his best to restore his energy, and after such a long period of time, he should have almost fully recovered by now.

Nevertheless, Hei Yuan didn’t understand what Yang Kai was up to.

Since Yang Kai had almost restored all of his strength, he should be trying to leave the Black Ink Clan’s territory. However, from the looks of it, he didn’t seem to have any intention of doing so. Instead, he seemed to be enjoying the game of hide-and-seek with the Black Ink Clansmen. During this period of time, several thousand Black Ink Clansmen were killed by his spear, and although only several of them were Feudal Lords, as most were High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen, it was still humiliating for Hei Yuan.