Chapter 5111, Destroying Black Ink Nests

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Kong Chan’s home territory was located in a dead Universe World where there was a magnificent Mid-Rank Black Ink Nest. Over the years, the Black Ink Strength that had been emanating from the Black Ink Nest had enveloped everything. There were over a million Black Ink Clansmen living in this place, which was just as flourishing as Hei Yuan’s territory.

The strongest and most competent Black Ink Clansmen had left with Kong Chan to intercept the Human Army, so although there were some Feudal Lords around, the rest of them were mostly High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen.

Over the past few days, a slight sense of tension could be felt among the Black Ink Clansmen in Kong Chan’s territory. Rumour had it that a Human named Yang Kai was on a killing spree in Mu Guang’s Royal Domain. He had already destroyed two Territory Lord Black Ink Nests, and his next target was Kong Chan’s.

Most of the Black Ink Clansmen didn’t believe this rumour. As far as they were concerned, even though the Humans were strong and resilient, they couldn’t resist the corruption of Black Ink Strength; therefore, they had been hiding in their Great Passes all these years. Faced with the Black Ink Clan’s soldiers, they could only defend themselves. How was it possible that a single Human had barged into the Black Ink Clan’s territory and even destroyed Black Ink Nests belonging to the powerful Territory Lords?

One day though, a 30,000-metre-long creature, which was covered in scales and radiating a golden light, arrived at this place, wielding a giant spear in its claws. The horrifying pressure this creature exuded sent chills down the spines of these High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen.

The humongous creature descended from the sky and forcefully swept his spear across the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Nest.

The Black Ink Nest, which had stood in this place for tens of thousands of years, given birth to countless Black Ink Clansmen, and provided a resting place for all the Black Ink Clansmen who were born here, was cut in half with just one strike.

As the Black Ink Nest fell, Black Ink Strength gushed out of it like a flood. The Black Ink Clansmen in Kong Chan’s territory were naturally flustered.

The Feudal Lords promptly shot into the sky to repel the enemy; however, the Black Ink Clansmen, who were much larger than ordinary Humans, appeared as petite as ants in front of this behemoth.

The terrifying creature didn’t even spare these Feudal Lords a glance as he opened his mouth and spat out a horrifying flame.

In an instant, many Black Ink Clansmen were slaughtered. Kong Chan’s territory was set ablaze, and countless Black Ink Clansmen perished.

The terrifying creature flitted across the sky, and wherever he went, he easily killed all the Black Ink Clansmen within his reach. On top of that, he swept his claws across all the shops that were filled with resources. The moment his claws came into contact with the shops, they simply disappeared.

Barely a cup of tea’s time later, Kong Chan’s territory was dyed with black blood.

The Black Ink Clansmen tried their best to resist by bombarding the creature with their attacks. Their attempt wasn’t effective in the beginning, but soon, the creature grunted in pain as his blood scattered about.

The battle didn’t last for long. Only an incense stick of time had passed from when the terrifying creature appeared to when he was forced to retreat.

Despite that, over 100,000 Black Ink Clansmen had lost their lives and Kong Chan’s territory had been destroyed. Innumerable amounts of resources and manpower were lost.

What sent these Black Ink Clansmen into despair though was that Kong Chan’s Black Ink Nest was thoroughly destroyed.

Black Ink Nests were the foundation of the Black Ink Clan. It could be said that all the Black Ink Clansmen living in this place were nurtured by this Black Ink Nest. To them, Kong Chan’s Black Ink Nest was profoundly important to them, a symbol of their very lives. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

These Black Ink Clansmen were furious as they vowed to get their revenge, but how were they supposed to look for the colossal creature?

Furthermore, after the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Nest was destroyed, all the Feudal Lord Black Ink Nests in Kong Chan’s territory died. The information network had been disabled, so their ability to coordinate their efforts was severely hampered.

Meanwhile, Yang Kai was hiding inside a Black Ink Cloud and recuperating.

In the past, he would be nervous when he recuperated as he was worried that Hei Yuan would find him; however, he didn’t have to worry about that now. In the Black Ink Nest space, he had severely injured Hei Yuan’s Soul. Just like him, Hei Yuan was probably hiding somewhere and recuperating, so he wouldn’t dare to mess with Yang Kai. He should be glad that Yang Kai stopped trying to look for him.

Without any Territory Lords around, Yang Kai wasn’t afraid of the other Black Ink Clansmen given his current strength.

In such a situation, his presence in the Black Ink Clan was like a Flood Dragon plunging into an ocean or a tiger in the mountains. He was simply unstoppable.

Several days later, Yang Kai dashed out of the Black Ink Cloud and headed straight in a particular direction. Although he ran into some Black Ink Clansmen on his way, he easily killed them off as they were no match for him.

Sometime later, he arrived at a new Territory Lord’s territory.

He had destroyed three Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests already, so the Black Ink Clansmen were obviously aware of his plans. Knowing that he had targeted the Black Ink Nests belonging to the Territory Lords, the Black Ink Clansmen resisted in an even more ferocious manner.

The instant Yang Kai assumed his Grand Dragon Form, the Feudal Lords, who had been hiding, rushed out to deal with him.

Upon seeing so many Black Ink Feudal Lords, Yang Kai counted and realised there were over 100 of them.

Despite being a Grand Dragon, Yang Kai still felt apprehensive. He was indeed powerful and able to escape from a Territory Lord as he was no match for such a Master; however, there was no way he could defeat 100 Feudal Lords in a frontal clash.

Yang Kai had no idea whose territory this was, but from the looks of it, he knew that all of the Feudal Lords who stayed behind had gathered together in this place to defend the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Nest.

It was no wonder that when he arrived at a Feudal Lord Black Ink Nest to ascertain the location of the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Nest earlier, he faced no organized resistance at all.

That was because they were all waiting for him here.

After a moment of hesitation, Yang Kai still charged at the Feudal Lords, who apparently hadn’t expected that he would be so unrelenting. Seeing that the 30,000-metre creature was coming at them with a gigantic spear, the Feudal Lords instinctively dodged.

The Grand Dragon directly ploughed through the Feudal Lords’ lines, forcefully enduring the attacks that came at him. Dragon Blood splashed everywhere and Dragon Scales were shattered and broken while some unlucky Feudal Lords were instantly killed as they came into contact with Azure Dragon Spear. With that said, the casualties were insignificant compared to the total number of Feudal Lords in this place.

Regardless, Yang Kai just had to break through their blockade. Ignoring the attacks coming from behind, he directly struck the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Nest with his Azure Dragon Spear.

After a long time of dealing with the Black Ink Clan, Yang Kai came to realise that the Black Ink Nests were actually quite frail. Basically, the Black Ink Nests were defenceless. Even if he was in his Human form, he could easily destroy a Black Ink Nest with one strike, not to mention in his Grand Dragon Form with the Azure Dragon Spear in his claws.

Therefore, Yang Kai didn’t need to get tangled up with these Feudal Lords. His target had always been to destroy the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Nest.

As a Grand Dragon with the Azure Dragon Spear, Yang Kai’s attack was unimaginably destructive. Following the strike, the Black Ink Nest collapsed to the ground.

Yang Kai didn’t even take another glance at it as he flew across the sky above the prosperous city and spat out Dragon Breath, instantly killing tens of thousands of weaker Black Ink Clansmen. The 100 Feudal Lords were relentlessly pursuing him from behind as they continuously cast violent attacks at him in an attempt to take him down.

Although Yang Kai did his best to dodge the attacks, his figure was too massive, so almost all of them struck him, causing him to tremble and roar.

Despite thinking that it was such a shame, he had achieved his main goal; therefore, Yang Kai did not hesitate to shoot into the sky and leave.

The Feudal Lords were still chasing after him; however, after Yang Kai returned to his Human Form, he manipulated Space Principles several times and easily shook off his pursuers.

Since Yang Kai was nowhere in sight, these Feudal Lords had no choice but to give up. They turned around and saw that the Black Ink Nest was withering and could not be saved. Although they had caused some damage to the Grand Dragon, they didn’t manage to make him stay behind and he had successfully fled in the end.

Another Territory Lord Black Ink Nest was destroyed and all of the Black Ink Clansmen in Mu Guang’s Royal Domain were alerted. No one knew when Yang Kai would jump out of nowhere and make a move on another Territory Lord’s Black Ink Nest. More importantly, no one knew which Territory Lord Black Ink Nest would be his next target.

Based on this experience though, they understood that even 100 Feudal Lords couldn’t stop Yang Kai from destroying a Black Ink Nest. It wasn’t that they were unable to defeat Yang Kai, but that he could break through their formation and head straight to the Black Ink Nest, though he would be injured in the process.

Presently, the Royal Lord and several Territory Lords were dealing with the Old Ancestor from Yin-Yang Pass while Hei Yuan had gone missing. The Feudal Lords couldn’t find anyone who could take charge, leaving the entire Royal Domain leaderless and flustered.

Now, the only thing the Feudal Lords could do was to gather together around their respective Territory Lords’ Black Ink Nests and wait. They had to prepare should Yang Kai launch a surprise attack on them all of a sudden, and they could only hope that they could stop him or kill him on the spot eventually.

Therefore, in Mu Guang’s Royal Domain, every Territory Lord Black Ink Nest now had over 100 Feudal Lords surrounding it. Through the Territory Lords’ Black Ink Nests that hadn’t been affected, they constantly exchanged information and reported on Yang Kai’s whereabouts. The Territory Lord’s territories neighbouring the Black Ink Nest that Yang Kai previously destroyed were the centre of attention.

They speculated that Yang Kai’s next target would be one of those Territory Lords’ Black Ink Nests.

Therefore, countless weaker Black Ink Clansmen were sent from these Territory Lords’ territories to search for Yang Kai. As time passed, Yang Kai was still nowhere in sight though, and the pressure on the Black Ink Clan intensified.

Based on past experiences, Yang Kai would go into hiding every time he destroyed a Black Ink Nest, but when he reappeared, he would stir up a bloody storm.