Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5120, Battle Outside Yin-Yang Pass

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

This battle lasted for several days and, by the end, Yang Kai couldn’t maintain his Dragon Form and had no choice but to fight in his Human Form. After a few days, both sides withdrew.

The battlefield entered a rare brief period of peace. The armies on both sides focused on recuperating, but so long as the Black Ink Clan did not retreat, Yin-Yang Pass could not really rest.

Fortunately, the Old Ancestor had returned. Although the Old Ancestor had been seriously injured once again and had inevitably returned to her younger self, the news she brought back greatly boosted the morale of Yin-Yang Pass.

Mu Guang was seriously wounded in her fight with the Old Ancestor and was currently sleeping in her Black Ink Nest. In other words, Mu Guang would not appear in this battle.

More importantly, the Old Ancestor had eliminated five Territory Lords.

This was an unimaginable loss for the Black Ink Clan.

On top of that, Yang Kai had single-handedly destroyed almost 10 Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests, along with hundreds of Low-Rank Black Ink Nests. After such heavy losses, the Black Ink Clan was in a state of chaos. A large number of Feudal Lords had gathered around the remaining Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests to protect them and thus could not be deployed as reinforcements.

Such casualties had shaken the foundation of the Black Ink Clan.

In the past, the reason why the Black Ink Clan was able to besiege the Great Pass for so long was because they could constantly send reinforcements from the rear. But now that Yang Kai had dealt so much damage, the number of troops they could send would be greatly reduced. It could even be said that the Black Ink Clan would not be sending many soldiers at all in order to guard against any future problems.

In that case, the current war would end soon. Without reinforcements, how could the Black Ink Clan resist the Humans when they suffered so many casualties in battle? The Black Ink Clan would have to retreat once the situation on the battlefield became untenable.

Thus, after hearing this news, those from Yin-Yang Pass were all extremely excited.

What’s more, Yang Kai had ventured deep into the Black Ink Clan’s territory alone, destroying many Black Ink Nests, and rescued more than 300 Artifact Refiners, including three Grandmasters. He had made an enormous contribution to the Human Race.

Yang Kai had already let out Wu Xing He and the others from his Small Universe and they were now assigned to the Refining Hall to repair the Warships damaged in the battle.

Wu Xing He and the others were originally Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, but in order to assist Yang Kai, their cultivations had regressed to the Sixth-Order so that they could enter the latter’s Small Universe. Be that as it may, it wasn’t too big a deal. As long as they had a Profound Yin Spirit Fruit, they could slowly regain their original cultivation.

The war between the two races was in full swing with several dozen small skirmishes breaking out between the two armies almost every day, with a big battle occurring every 10 to 15 days.

Strictly speaking, this was Yang Kai’s first time officially participating in a battle outside a Great Pass.

Although he had participated in the battle at Blue Sky Pass last time, he had not been officially registered to Blue Sky Pass at the time. Likewise, he had been assisting in perfecting the Purifying Black Ink Battleships during the early stages of that war. When he finally managed to sneak out and participate in the fighting, it was not long before he coincidentally discovered the location of the Royal Lord, which ultimately resulted in a decisive battle breaking out. The Black Ink Clan army had suffered heavy losses because of him, giving Blue Sky Pass the chance to capitalize on the situation.

It was different this time.

Without so many twists and coincidences, although the battle was still leaning in Yin-Yang Pass’ favour, they were still a long way from completely repelling the Black Ink Clan.

Fortunately, the Royal Lord was not present on the battlefield, so the Black Ink Clan army seemed to be a bit sluggish either from lack of coordination or morale. Many Territory Lords simply lead their own armies to fight on their own, making it difficult to form an effective strategy.

Those from Yin-Yang Pass would often gain a great advantage on the battlefield using this weak point.

The entire Yin-Yang Pass had essentially transformed into a giant meat grinder. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Every time a big battle broke out, the Black Ink Clan would lose countless Masters. Although the Humans would also suffer heavy casualties, the losses were still within an acceptable range because of the protection of the Warships.

As Yang Kai was a soldier from Blue-Sky Pass, he didn’t have an official position here; however, Tang Qiu had decided to temporarily place him in Xu Ling Gong’s Squad.

As they fought, Yang Kai got to taste how truly cruel the battlefield was, though it was not like this was his first time on such a battlefield. When the Great Demon God had wreaked havoc in the Star Boundary, all the cultivators of the Star Boundary were pulled into the turmoil. That battle almost caused the Star Boundary to shatter and billions upon billions of lives were lost!

In the end, the Great Emperors stepped forward and finally put an end to the Great Demon God’s rampage.

Be that as it may, Yang Kai always found it brutal, like it was the first time, no matter how many times he experienced this kind of battle.

Yang Kai’s addition to Xu Ling Gong Squad had helped them slaughter countless enemies, earning them a massive amount of Military Merits in every battle they fought. After a long period of killing and fighting, every Human came to possess a thick killing intent. Once this killing intent broke out on the battlefield, it would often deter the weaker Black Ink Clansmen.

Fighting, recuperating, fighting, recuperating; the process was repeated over and over again.

Yang Kai had almost lost track of time as all his focus was on making use of every opportunity he could find to either heal himself or kill his enemies.

Every time he fought, he would always stand at the forefront, and every time he did so, his body would be covered in wounds. Nevertheless, as long as his injuries weren’t fatal, no matter how serious they were, he would be able to recover in short order thanks to his Dragon Vein and Wood Element.

His efforts had brought a significant boost in power and safety to Xu Ling Gong’s Squad, and even after fighting for so long, they had not lost a single member. Furthermore, most of the time, no one would even be injured other than Yang Kai. Their Squad was performing 10 times better than the other ordinary Squads.

Tang Qiu once came looking for him, taking time out of his busy schedule, and told him that he could return to Blue Sky Pass at any time he wished.

Although he could be considered half a disciple of Yin-Yang Cave Heaven, he was still formally a soldier of the Blue-Sky Pass on this Black Ink Battlefield.

Yin-Yang Pass had transferred him here mainly to gather information about the Black Ink Clan’s Warship program and the Artifact Refiners who were behind it. Now that Yang Kai had completed this task perfectly, the battle at Yin-Yang Pass technically had nothing to do with him.

If Yang Kai wanted to leave, Yin-Yang Pass naturally would not hold him back.

Of course, Yang Kai had no intention of leaving. Compared to returning to Blue Sky Pass where he would have nothing to do but cultivate in retreat, he was more than willing to stay here and kill more Black Ink Clansmen. Although the strength of a single person was meagre, as long as everyone killed a few more, the Black Ink Clan would be exterminated sooner.

The battlefield fell into turmoil again. Surges of World Force and Black Ink Strength came and went as the Human Warships and Black Ink Army fought each other.

A large-scale battle had broken out once more and the four Armies of Yin-Yang Pass charged to blunt the Black Ink Clan’s momentum.

Yang Kai, Xu Ling Gong, and another Seventh-Order Open Heaven Master, Ji Miao Tong, wandered through the battlefield in a triangle formation.

Ji Miao Tong was the Vice Squad Leader of Xu Ling Gong’s Squad and a woman. Yang Kai had met her when he was escorted by Xu Ling Gong’s Squad to intercept Hei Yuan’s retreating army. Although they weren’t close acquaintances, a bit of friendship had blossomed between the two after fighting together for so long.

Ji Miao Tong was extremely impressed by Yang Kai’s courage and strength and she even praised him in private.

Between the three of them was Xu Ling Gong’s Squad’s Warship, which had some Fifth-Order and Sixth-Order Masters operating it. Xu Ling Gong’s Disciples, Qing Kui and Su Ying Xue, were among them.

The three Seventh-Order Masters maintained a triangle formation, protecting the Warship while also borrowing its power to kill their enemies. Furthermore, if they got tired or exhausted their strength, they could even temporarily hide inside the Warship to recover.

The Human Race relied on this method in order to preserve their strength. The Human Race would not have been able to defend these Great Passes without these Warships.

This was also the reason why the Humans was so concerned by the appearance of the Black Ink Clan’s Warship. If the Black Ink Clan evened the battlefield, the Human Race really wouldn’t know how to resist in the future.

It had been half a day already since the battle broke out and Yang Kai and the others had been fighting non-stop since it began. Yang Kai’s condition was still good, but Xu Ling Gong and Ji Miao Tong both were clearly unable to continue. Although they had taken many Spirit Pills to keep their strength up, their high rate of consumption had made it difficult for them to replenish their Small Universes’ World Force.

Regardless, the Human Armies should be withdrawing their forces soon, and at that time, they could naturally return to the Inner Sanctum to rest and recover.

After such a long, fierce battle, the Black Ink Clan’s soldiers had greatly decreased and the resistance they faced was no longer as intense as before.

The Eighth-Order Division Commanders had basically been keeping a close watch on the Territory Lords, so as long as everyone was careful on the battlefield, there wouldn’t be any major problems.

At a certain point, Yang Kai thrust his spear, exploding a Feudal Lord charging at him into mist and the thick black blood splashed all over his face. It wasn’t that Yang Kai couldn’t protect his face, it was just that he was too lazy to waste his strength to do so. In any case, Black Ink Strength had no effect on him. With the World Tree clone in his possession, he wouldn’t be corrupted even if he was soaked in this black blood.

As Yang Kai was pulling back his spear, something caught his eye and he looked in a certain direction.

In his sight, the Humans and the Black Ink Clansmen were locked in a heated battle when suddenly, a nimble figure entered his sight, but it disappeared soon after.

Yang Kai raised his brow slightly, wondering whether his eyes were playing tricks on him. Nonetheless, he found this figure a little familiar.

Before he could give it another thought, another squad of Black Ink Clansmen attacked from the side. Yang Kai quickly collected his thoughts and raised his spear to meet them, leaving a mountain of corpses in his wake.

As expected, an order to withdraw came from Yin-Yang Pass soon after. Following Xu Ling Gong’s command, the Warship turned around and flew towards the Inner Sanctum. Although the Black Ink Clan pursued them, it was difficult for them to penetrate the defences of the three Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters; thus, they no longer dared to continue after chasing for a while.

Not long after, Squads flew back into the Inner Sanctum, leaving countless Black Ink Clan corpses behind on the Hellish battlefield.

“Get some rest, and be ready to fight at any moment. I’ll go get the Warship repaired,” Xu Ling Gong ordered before storing the huge warship in his Small Universe and heading towards the Refining Hall.

Although the members of the Squad weren’t injured, their Warship had suffered damage in many places and needed to be repaired by the Artifact Refiners of the Refining Hall.