Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5123, Full Force

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Nonetheless, after seeing the same thing over and over again so many times, Miao Fei Ping really couldn’t bear to sit back and watch any longer, but neither could he expose himself. Ultimately, he gave some coins to the others and asked them to buy some things for the little girl.

The little girl happily ate from then on.

When the night arrived, the little girl had no place to sleep. So, she found a random alley and spent the night sleeping there, curled up. Every night, Miao Fei Ping would secretly protect her from the cold.

Originally, Miao Fei Ping had thought that his days would pass by peacefully, but contrary to his expectations, something did happen.

The little girl’s rattle-drum was stolen!

If it was just an ordinary toy, no one would have paid any attention to it, but the material used to make this rattle-drum was not ordinary, it was a rare piece of Blue Water Wood.

It was a toy for the Ancestor’s descendant, so the Seven Stars Sect Elders had put in a lot of effort to craft this rattle-drum, and it just so happened that the one who ultimately refined it had a suitable piece of Blue Water Wood on hand at the time.

Blue Water Wood was extremely precious as it could be used to refine Emperor Artifacts. It was particularly rare in this World and could be said to be priceless.

A few weak cultivators noticed that the rattle drum in the little girl’s hand was extraordinary. So, they threw some coins at the little girl and snatched the rattle-drum from her in a half-buying and half-threatening manner.

These cultivators weren’t very strong, and as such, they failed to recognize the Blue Water Wood, but they could still tell that the material of this rattle-drum was expensive at a glance.

The little girl looked extremely sad after losing the rattle-drum and tears welled up in her eyes. She tried to snatch her toy back, but how could a seven-year-old little girl catch up to even the weakest of cultivators? The thieves disappeared in the blink of an eye.

The little girl fell to the ground, wailing in grief as dirt smeared her cute face.

Enraged, Miao Fei Ping stopped those cultivators in an alley, beat them up, and took back the rattle drum. After that, he found the little girl who was silently crying in a deserted place and quietly returned the rattle-drum.

Seeing the little girl smiling once more, Miao Fei Ping let out a sigh of relief.

Originally, he had thought that this matter would end there, but no one had expected that it was just the beginning! Among the few cultivators he had beaten up, one of them was actually the son of Purple Phoenix Palace’s Vice Palace Master. The son of the Vice Palace Master was beaten up in Purple Phoenix City; how could Purple Phoenix Palace let the matter rest just like that?

Purple Phoenix Palace cultivators started searching the city for the perpetrator, and soon found Miao Fei Ping. A conflict naturally broke out between the two sides, but Miao Fei Ping was a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master, so how could these weaklings do anything to him? Naturally he taught them a lesson and sent them packing.

When Purple Phoenix Palace’s higher-ups received the news, they were enraged and deployed some of their Masters. In the blink of an eye, the entire Purple Phoenix City was engulfed in a secret battle.

After suffering several losses, Purple Phoenix Palace finally figured out the identity of the perpetrator. To their astonishment, it was actually Seven Stars Sect’s Miao Fei Ping!

This shocked Purple Phoenix Palace greatly. It had to be known that the Seven Stars Sect was the most powerful Sect in Void World. Not only did they have the largest number of Emperor Realm Masters, but they also had an Ancestor who was shrouded in a veil of mystery.

Rumour had it that the Ancestor’s strength had already surpassed the Emperor Realm, but no one knew what his exact cultivation was.

Although Purple Phoenix Palace and Seven Stars Sect had some business with each other, there wasn’t much friendship between them because of the huge distance between the two. What puzzled Purple Phoenix Palace’s higher-ups was why Miao Fei Ping, the Third-Order Emperor Realm Elder of Seven Stars Sect, suddenly came to Purple Phoenix City and attacked their disciples.

The Vice Palace Master of Purple Phoenix Palace personally went to Miao Fei Ping and asked him for the entire story. Only then did he learn that his son had taken advantage of a little mortal girl, forcing Miao Fei Ping to act.

The Vice Palace Master was naturally vexed. He might have failed to discipline his son, but the fact was that many of Purple Phoenix Palace disciples had been injured because of this matter. No matter what, Miao Fei Ping had to give an explanation; otherwise, Purple Phoenix Palace would lose all face.

But why would Miao Fei Ping give them any kind of explanation? He had already shown mercy by not killing them even when they had bullied the Ancestor’s descendant, so why would he need any justification?

The two sides failed to come to an agreement, and as both were pretty angry, a fight broke out.

In the end, Purple Phoenix Palace Vice Palace Master was completely defeated! He was injured and even fled Purple Phoenix City in a sorry state. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

If injuring the disciples was just a trivial matter, the fact that the Vice Palace Master was injured drastically escalated the matter. How could Purple Phoenix Palace tolerate such an insult? They immediately dispatched several Emperor Realm Masters to subdue Miao Fei Ping.

Very soon, even Seven Stars Sect got the news. When they learned that Miao Fei Ping had encountered some trouble in Purple Phoenix City, Shang Guan Ji personally led several Emperor Realm Elders to Purple Phoenix City to assist Miao Fei Ping without any delay.

By the time Shang Guan Ji and the others arrived, Miao Fei Ping had already fought several bouts with Purple Phoenix Palace’s Emperor Realm Masters. At first, Purple Phoenix Palace thought that since Miao Fei Ping was all alone, it would be hard for a single Third-Order Emperor to fight them off. However, after a few skirmishes, they noticed that Miao Fei Ping was different from the Third-Order Emperor Realm Masters they knew.

His strength had already surpassed the limits of the Emperor Realm, and as such, even if he were to fight many Masters alone, he would not be at a disadvantage. Purple Phoenix Palace was still unable to do anything to him even after several confrontations.

When Shang Guan Ji and the others arrived, Purple Phoenix Palace was too afraid to act rashly.

The Purple Phoenix Palace Master couldn’t sit still after hearing that Shang Guan Ji had arrived. No matter what, Purple Phoenix Palace could not ignore the reputation of the number one Sect of the Void World.

The Purple Phoenix Palace Master stepped out to personally receive Shang Guan Ji. Both sides calmly discussed the entire matter, without any animosity. Purple Phoenix Palace didn’t have any other requests, they only wanted Miao Fei Ping to apologize and this matter would be settled. After witnessing Miao Fei Ping’s strength, Purple Phoenix Palace also realized that Seven Stars Sect Emperor Realm Masters couldn’t be judged by common sense. Just Miao Fei Ping alone was enough to give them so much trouble. Now with the addition of Shang Guan Ji and several others, Purple Phoenix Palace would likely suffer a catastrophic loss if they really fought.

Not to mention, the Seven Stars Sect still had their hidden dragon Ancestor who only showed his tail but never his face.

But since so many disciples were injured, Purple Phoenix Palace needed an apology to save face. In their opinion, they were already completely conceding by asking for just an apology.

Shang Guan Ji didn’t immediately agree, all he said was that he would like to ask Miao Fei Ping about the whole story. Purple Phoenix Palace naturally agreed.

Soon after, Shang Guan Ji came to Miao Fei Ping and asked him what this situation was about.

Since things had reached this point, Miao Fei Ping had no choice but to reveal that he had received the Ancestor’s secret order. Shang Guan Ji was extremely surprised after learning that everything was actually because of the Ancestor’s descendant.

However, when he personally saw the little girl and the rattle-drum in her hand, Shang Guan Ji finally got the confirmation that she was indeed the Ancestor’s descendant.

He was immediately enraged!

Purple Phoenix Palace disciples had actually bullied the Ancestor’s descendant? How could he let this go?

If it really was just some ordinary conflict, it wouldn’t have been a big deal to have Miao Fei Ping apologize; after all, no matter what the cause was, the fact was that Miao Fei Ping had indeed injured many of Purple Phoenix Palace’s disciples. To put it bluntly, as a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master, what Miao Fei Ping was doing was just bullying the weak. But the key point was that the Ancestor was involved in this matter, so how could Shang Guan Ji give in?

Shang Guan Ji visited the Purple Phoenix Palace Master and declared that it was impossible for them to apologize. If Purple Phoenix Palace continued pestering them over this, Seven Stars Sect would do everything in their power to maintain the dignity of their Sect.

Purple Phoenix Palace was dumbfounded as they had never expected to receive such a reply.

Many of Purple Phoenix Palace Elders were unable to calm their fury and started clamouring to teach Seven Stars Sect a lesson. The Purple Phoenix Palace Master, on the other hand, was hesitating.

A few days later, a huge number of Seven Stars Sect cultivators rushed to Purple Phoenix City. Judging by the scale, it could be said that the Seven Stars Sect had mobilized all its forces. Everyone had rushed over, from Emperor Realm Elders to disciples who had just entered the Sect, not a single person was left.

If someone were to attack Seven Stars Sect right now, they would easily be able to take over their headquarters.

Purple Phoenix Palace had never thought that Seven Stars Sect’s attitude would be so unyielding that they would mobilize their entire force. It felt as if a battle would break out between two great Sects at any moment.

Nothing of this sort had happened ever since the great migration to Void World.

The unusual actions of the Seven Stars Sect also attracted the attention of all the Sects in this World, and it was only at this moment that they truly witnessed the terrifying foundation of the Seven Stars Sect.

Much to everyone’s surprise, they had several dozen Emperor Realm Masters! Although the other Sects had seen an increase in the number of Emperor Realm Masters they possessed in recent years, it wasn’t too many. Even the strongest of them had perhaps a dozen or so in total.

On the other hand, the Seven Star Sect actually had several dozen Emperors!

In the past, it had been rumoured that the Seven Stars Sect was the strongest Sect in Void World; but now, they finally had a deeper understanding of its strength. No one could understand why so many Emperor Realm Masters had appeared in the Seven Stars Sect.

If the two Sects were to fight, Purple Phoenix Palace would definitely not be their opponent.

After the full mobilization of the Seven Stars Sect, the Purple Phoenix Palace Elders who had been eager to fight it out with the Seven Stars Sect suddenly became mute. Fortunately, Seven Stars Sect’s forces didn’t do anything drastic after entering Purple Phoenix City, all of them just entered local inns and dispersed themselves around the city.

The Purple Phoenix Palace Master once again visited Shang Guan Ji. His tone was no longer as forceful as before; instead, he wore a forced smile on his face, expressing his goodwill. Even the Vice Palace Master came and personally apologized.

Shang Guan Ji stated that so long as Purple Phoenix Palace did not deliberately cause any trouble, Seven Stars Sect would not cause trouble in Purple Phoenix City.

The Purple Phoenix Palace Master let out a long sigh of relief after getting this guarantee.

Be that as it may, it was highly inappropriate for so many Seven Stars Sect disciples to be loitering in Purple Phoenix City. He wanted to ask Shang Guan Ji what exactly they were doing here, and when would Seven Stars Sect be withdrawing.

After pondering for a moment, Shang Guan Ji finally gave an answer, “I can’t say for sure when we will withdraw. As for what we are doing, you don’t need to ask. You can just think of it as the disciples of the Seven Stars Sect coming here to gain life experience. They will leave when the time is right.”

The Purple Phoenix Palace Master was speechless.

Unable to obtain an accurate answer from Shang Guan Ji, the Purple Phoenix Palace Master returned and relayed this conversation to the other Elders. Immediately, one of the Elders angrily rebuked, “Isn’t Shang Guan Ji Seven Stars Sect’s Sect Master? Who in Seven Stars Sect dares to disobey him? Yet he said that he didn’t know when they would be withdrawing! Clearly, he is just trying to make things difficult for our Purple Phoenix Palace!”

Other Elders also flew into a rage.

However, one of the Elders thoughtfully interjected, “According to the Palace Master’s words, this Shang Guan Ji may have some difficulties.”

The Purple Phoenix Palace Master looked at the Elder after hearing his speculation, “What difficulties could he possibly have?”

The Elder asked, “Palace Master, doesn’t Seven Stars Sect also have an Ancestor? What if ‘he’ gave the order?”

The Purple Phoenix Palace Master’s expression changed, “You mean…”

The Elder shook his head, stating, “It’s just a guess, I can’t say for sure.”

Silavin: Haha. This kind of thing always makes the novel better. Slice of life mini-arcs.