Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5124, Army Attacks

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In Purple Phoenix City, Seven Stars Sect disciples could be seen everywhere. Fortunately, these people really did not cause any trouble in Purple Phoenix City just as Shang Guan Ji had said.

Purple Phoenix Palace’s higher-ups were both happy and puzzled. Could it be that Seven Stars Sect really only sent their entire Sect here to gain life experience?

But what they could not understand was why they chose Purple Phoenix City.

Nonetheless, Purple Phoenix Palace finally reached one conclusion after numerous investigations, and that was that the Emperor Realm Masters of Seven Stars Sect were attaching a lot of importance to a certain little girl who was wandering around Purple Phoenix City. At any given moment, at least two to three Emperors would be secretly watching over her.

However, they only monitored her from a distance and never exposed their whereabouts nor interfered with her life. They simply let her wander the city as she pleased.

Purple Phoenix Palace finally realized that this little girl was the cause of the entire incident. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Purple Phoenix Palace failed to understand why Seven Stars Sect placed so much importance on this little girl. They tried to investigate her background, but even after a thorough investigation, they came to a shocking conclusion. No one knew which family this little girl was from or when she had arrived in Purple Phoenix City. There was no record of her entering the city through the city gates. It was as if she had appeared in Purple Phoenix City out of thin air.

They might have not understood the origins of this little girl, but they finally understood Seven Stars Sect’s intentions, allowing Purple Phoenix Palace to breathe a sigh of relief.

Since this little girl was so important, Purple Phoenix Palace didn’t dare to be negligent either. The higher-ups immediately ordered everyone in the city to open their doors wide for this little girl, catering to her every need.

Since then, the little girl’s life in Purple Phoenix City had become much more comfortable. She did not need to pay for anything she ate, and when night fell, the owner of a nearby inn would always invite her inside to sleep in a warm bed.

All this while, Yang Kai was sitting cross-legged inside the Marketplace, silently refining cultivation materials.

He had his Small Universe spread out, allowing the Old Ancestor to recuperate, but this did not affect his cultivation in any way.

The people of Purple Phoenix Palace and Seven Stars Sect all thought that the Old Ancestor was just an ordinary mortal who had never cultivated before, but as the Master of the Small Universe, Yang Kai could clearly feel some intangible force constantly pouring into the Old Ancestor’s body.

This mysterious energy seemed to be the essence of the mundane world.

The baptism of this mysterious energy was the basis of the Old Ancestor’s healing technique, but even Yang Kai was unable to understand its properties.

Yin-Yang Pass went into a full defensive stance while the Old Ancestor was recuperating. They did nothing even when the Black Ink Clan army taunted and provoked them. Only when the Black Ink Clan approached too close to Yin-Yang Pass did they use the various Spirit Arrays and artifacts to repel the enemy.

Just like that, half a year passed in the blink of an eye.

Just like every other day, Yang Kai was focused on refining cultivation materials when he suddenly sensed something. He promptly focused his Divine Sense towards a certain place in Purple Phoenix City.

Miao Fei Ping was diligently carrying out the Ancestor’s secret order in Purple Phoenix City, keeping an eye on the Ancestor’s descendant at almost every moment. Fortunately, Purple Phoenix Palace seemed to have realized that this little girl’s identity was special after the previous incident, so no one dared to seek trouble with her, which saved Miao Fei Ping a lot of effort.

At this moment, the Ancestor’s descendant was eating breakfast at a stall. Usually, this little girl was like a storm, lively and hopping from one place to another, but today, she suddenly stopped eating as a thoughtful look appeared on her face.

Immediately after, she stood up and walked straight towards Miao Fei Ping.

Miao Fei Ping was beside himself. It had to be said that he was a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master who had not only used a Secret Technique to conceal himself, but had also withdrawn his aura completely. Not to mention an ordinary mortal, even another Emperor Realm Master would not be able to find him so easily.

Nevertheless, the Ancestor’s descendant was actually walking towards him, forcing him to wonder, [Did she discover me?]

Miao Fei Ping quickly denied this possibility. Although the Ancestor was powerful, his descendant didn’t show any signs of cultivation. It was impossible for her to have discovered him.

So, when she was approaching him, Miao Fei Ping just silently stepped aside.

But much to his surprise, the little girl just stood there, and even turned towards him, looking at him with a smile on her face and a twinkle in her eyes.

This time, Miao Fei Ping was truly shocked. He took a few more steps to clear the way, but the little girl just kept staring at him.

“Junior Sister, can you see me?” Miao Fei Ping asked, astounded.

The little girl tilted her head and smiled, “Junior Sister?”

Miao Fei Ping was shocked beyond words, [She really can see me! But how is that possible?] He had been monitoring her for a long time, but he had never sensed any trace of cultivation from her, not in the slightest. He was really unable to explain the current situation.

Just as he was beginning to doubt himself, the little figure in front of him continued with a smile, “Forget it, it’s been hard on you these past few days.”

Miao Fei Ping didn’t know how to respond for a moment and muttered, “Don’t mind it, Junior Sister, it was my duty.”

The little girl nodded her acknowledgement like a worldly-wise old woman before suddenly raising her head to the sky and shouting, “Bring me out.”

Just as she said so, the small figure before Miao Fei Ping suddenly disappeared into thin air.

Miao Fei Ping couldn’t help but stare absent-mindedly.

This sudden abnormality quickly attracted the nearby Seven Stars Sect Emperor Realm Masters’ attention and they instantly rushed over to check up on it. Shang Guan Ji also received word and rushed over, but the little girl was already gone.

Fortunately, Miao Fei Ping soon received the Ancestor’s decree, stating that his mission was over. Everyone from the Seven Stars Sect immediately breathed a long breath.

At the same time, a small figure suddenly appeared in the Marketplace of Yin-Yang Pass.

Seeing the small figure, Tang Qiu, who had been waiting here all the while, respectfully bowed.

The Old Ancestor lightly nodded before looking at Yang Kai thoughtfully, voicing her doubts, “Is the flow of time in your Small Universe different from the outside world?”

Yang Kai replied, “This Junior cultivates the Dao of Time, so the flow of time in my Small Universe is four times faster than the outside world.”

During a bout of enlightenment into the Dao of Time many years ago, the flow of time inside Yang Kai’s Small Universe accelerated to twice that of the outside world. Later, when his Third Disciple Xu Yi was cultivating the Great Nothingness Scripture in the Seven Stars Sect, his Small Universe benefited from it for some unknown reason and the flow of time became four times faster.

Therefore, although Yang Kai had only cultivated in the Marketplace for half a year, the Old Ancestor had already spent more than two years in his Small Universe.

Tang Qiu was stunned for a moment after this revelation, causing him to exclaim, “Four times the speed of the outside world?”

Yang Kai nodded seriously.

Tang Qiu looked at him as if he was looking at a monster, “You have living creatures in your Small Universe, who are constantly increasing your strength. With a four-fold time flow rate, isn’t it just like adding wings to a tiger?” He suddenly realized something and exclaimed, “No wonder you broke through to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm so quickly, so this is the reason.”

He had been curious about this all along. Yang Kai had only advanced to the Open Heaven Realm a few centuries ago, and although the world was filled with many opportunities, the speed of his advancement was still too great. But if the flow of time in his Small Universe was different from the outside world, everything made sense.

“What a pity…” Tang Qiu suddenly sighed again. Unfortunately, Yang Kai’s advancement to the Open Heaven Realm started from the Fifth Order. Although he had consumed a Mid-Rank World Fruit which had allowed his strength to increase by one Order, his limit was still the Eighth Order.

If he had broken through directly to the Seventh Order back then, he would have had a chance to become an Old Ancestor one day.

With such a Heaven-defying opportunity available to him, he could have saved a lot of time compared to other people who had a chance of reaching the Ninth Order.

“No need to feel sorry, the future is yet unknown,” the Old Ancestor obviously understood what Tang Qiu was sighing about, “It’s not like Yang Kai doesn’t have any hope of breaking through to the Ninth Order, but he still needs to work hard in the future. It would be better to focus on the present first.”

Tang Qiu’s expression immediately became solemn as he requested, cupping his fist, “The four Armies of Yin-Yang Pass are already prepared, please give the order.”

The Old Ancestor looked out of the Great Pass and indifferently ordered, “Engage the enemy!”

A sonorous bugle horn resounded throughout the entire Yin-Yang Pass. The soldiers of Yin-Yang Pass, who had been cultivating for over half a year, quickly arranged themselves at the eastern gate.

The entire periphery of Yin-Yang Pass was surrounded by the Black Ink Clan army, so the eastern gate was no exception.

At this moment, the Black Ink Clan was shouting provocations at this particular gate.

Over the last half a year, this kind of scene had been occurring almost every day. The closing of Yin-Yang Pass had made the Black Ink Clan become increasingly arrogant.

Therefore, when Yin-Yang Pass’s barriers opened and a tide of Humans rushed out from the eastern gate, the Black Ink Clan army, who had been provoking and cursing them, couldn’t react in time.

Everywhere the Human Warships passed, the dumbstruck Black Ink Clan army was torn to pieces.

In the distance, the Territory Lords were extremely excited, noticing the Humans’ movement. They loudly ordered their armies to meet the enemy. They had been feeling suffocated ever since Yin-Yang Pass withdrew, so now that the Humans had finally come out, they naturally wanted to kill to their heart’s content.

The two armies soon clashed with each other in the void. Dazzling Secret Techniques and Artifacts lit up the battlefield as blood and mangled pieces of flesh flew everywhere.

As soon as they clashed, the Black Ink Clan army showed signs of being suppressed.

This was not surprising though, as all of Yin-Yang Pass’s Armies had charged out of the eastern gate, while the Black Ink Clan’s army was spread out around the entire Yin-Yang Pass. Aside from the Black Ink Clansmen outside the eastern gate, the other Black Ink Clan armies were still on their way to reinforce them.

Furthermore, the Black Ink Clan armies’ strength had been reduced after the previous battles.

In the past, the Black Ink Clan had been able to constantly replenish their forces from their home territories, but this time, the Black Ink Clan’s rear had been thrown into chaos. Not only was the Royal Lord seriously injured, but they had also lost five Territory Lords and countless Black Ink Nests. While the Humans were recuperating, the Black Ink Clan had also received reinforcements, but their numbers were far fewer than normal, making it difficult for them to replenish their losses.

Nonetheless, the Black Ink Clan continued to fight to the death. It wasn’t that everyone from the Black Ink Clan was unafraid of death, but if the Territory Lord commanding the army didn’t give the order to retreat, no one would dare to. Retreating in battle without permission was a capital offence.

For the Territory Lords, as long as not too many Feudal Lords under them died, it did not matter to them how many High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen perished. On the contrary, they could rely on the High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen to exhaust the strength of the Humans.

In terms of replenishing their forces, the Black Ink Clan had it far easier compared to the Humans; therefore, this kind of exchange of forces was extremely beneficial to the Black Ink Clan. All the Territory Lords understood this principle.

While the Black Ink Clan army at the eastern gate was retreating again and again, and the Black Ink Clan forces from the other areas were rushing over to provide assistance, a small figure suddenly appeared on an unremarkable Warship.