Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5126, The Void Dao Temple

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai smoothly returned to Blue Sky Pass through the Hyper Space Array.

When he looked up, he saw Zhong Liang waiting for him.

Yang Kai quickly bowed in response.

Zhong Liang raised his hand as he stated with a smile, “Well done, it’s been hard on you these past few years.”

Yang Kai was stunned for a moment, but he quickly realized that Zhong Liang must have been informed of everything he had done at Yin-Yang Pass.

It needed a massive amount of resources to travel between Great Passes; after all, each Great Pass was quite far from its neighbours, but if it was just passing on some information, it didn’t cost much. The Purifying Black Ink Pill’s recipe and the refining method of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors were all transmitted to other Great Passes from Blue Sky Pass in the form of jade slips.

Yang Kai was considered a member of Blue-Sky Pass, but because of the Purification Light, too many things were involved. If it weren’t for the fact that the Black Ink Clan’s plan to refine the Warships was too great a threat to the Human Race, how could Blue Sky Pass be willing to put Yang Kai in danger? When he went to the Yin-Yang Theatre, Blue Sky Pass naturally paid attention to his movements.

Almost every month, Blue Sky Pass would send a message to Yin-Yang Pass, inquiring about the situation. Naturally, if there was anything to report, it was reported to them without concealment.

While Yang Kai was hiding in the Black Ink Clan’s territory, Yin-Yang Pass hadn’t received any news from him either, which made Blue-Sky Pass quite anxious.

When Yang Kai finally showed up, the Black Ink Clan Army was besieging the Great Pass, and Yang Kai needed to assist Yin-Yang Pass’s Old Ancestor in healing her injuries. After driving back the Black Ink Clan Army, Yang Kai needed to remain there to open the portals to the Universe Paradises, Universe Cave Heavens, and Sealed Worlds.

Zhong Liang and the others even suspected that Yin-Yang Pass wanted to forcibly retain Yang Kai; that they had no intention of returning him! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

To be honest, if Yang Kai hadn’t returned to Blue Sky Pass soon, Zhong Liang would have personally gone to Yin-Yang Pass and looked for Tang Qiu and the others.

Fortunately, Yang Kai had returned, which finally put Zhong Liang at ease.

Regarding Yang Kai’s deeds in the Yin-Yang Theatre, Zhong Liang was not stingy with his praise. He immediately told him that since he had returned, he should rest well and work hard to improve his cultivation.

Yang Kai naturally agreed.

Zhong Liang left happily while Yang Kai returned to his residence alone.

Sensing the movement of the restriction, Feng Ying and Bai Yi, who were cultivating, came out to investigate. When they saw that Yang Kai had returned, the two women were overjoyed.

This place was originally Feng Ying’s residence, but because it was a courtyard with extra rooms, Yang Kai had always lived here. Later, Bai Yi also joined them after Yang Kai had rescued her. After all, they were all members of the same Squad, so it would be easier for them to convene in times of war.

After not seeing each other for over a decade, their auras had clearly become stronger.

In fact, it wasn’t just them, but everyone in Blue-Sky Pass had improved after such a long period of rest.

Before Yang Kai’s arrival, there was always a shortage of cultivation resources regardless of which Great Pass it was. So, the distribution and use of each and every material had to be carefully calculated. However, ever since Yang Kai brought out the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors, resources were no longer a problem, especially in Blue Sky Pass. The amount of resources stored in the War Materials Palace now could be said to be as vast as the mountains and seas, enough for the soldiers in the Great Pass to cultivate for thousands of years.

So, their cultivation was bound to improve with the availability of abundant resources and the lack of any threats. Moreover, Yang Kai had opened many Sealed Worlds, acquiring many Profound Yin Spirit Fruits and fruit trees. Many people in Blue Sky Pass had repaired their damaged Small Universes and recovered their original cultivations.

It could be said that the strength of those in Blue-Sky Pass had greatly improved compared to before.

On the other hand, the Black Ink Clan was currently recuperating after the struggle for resources had concluded with the Human Race’s victory. There wouldn’t be any more battles anytime soon.

It could be said that the soldiers of Blue-Sky Pass were enjoying the most leisurely time. Every cultivator cherished this moment because no one could guarantee that they would be able to make it to the next time they could enjoy such leisure.

After chatting with Feng Ying and Bai Yi for a while, Yang Kai returned to his room and went into retreat.

From the Seventh Order to the Eighth Order was an extremely long process of accumulation; however, the flow of time in Yang Kai’s Small Universe was different from that of the outside world. Furthermore, the living beings inside his Small Universe were constantly improving his heritage, and the World Tree clone was able to purify and strengthen his World Force.

Be that as it may, the main way to increase one’s cultivation was still the boring and monotonous routine of refining resources.

Yang Kai didn’t lack supplies. His Small Universe already had enough cultivation resources stored in it to break through to the Eighth Order, and adding the looting he had done in the hinterlands of the Black Ink Clan, he now had an almost inexhaustible supply of materials.

Originally, he wanted to donate some resources to Blue Sky Pass, but now that Blue Sky Pass didn’t lack resources, he gave up on this notion.

Day after day, year after year…

Yang Kai’s cultivation slowly and steadily increased as a large number of resources were consumed.

However, unlike others, Yang Kai couldn’t cultivate in seclusion for extremely long periods of time. It wasn’t that he was restless or anything, but some Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters from other Great Passes would visit him from time to time, bringing Purifying Black Ink Battleships and requesting him to replenish their stock of Purification Light.

Purification Light consumed resources to cast, and the more Black Ink Strength it purified, the faster it would be consumed.

Yang Kai was the only one who could replenish the Purification Light; as such, once the Purification Light sealed in a Purifying Black Ink Battleship had been exhausted, it had to be sent to Blue Sky Pass.

This matter couldn’t be handled by others, so basically every time he went into retreat, it would not last for too long. At best, Yang Kai would be interrupted once a year, but there were times when he had to take action every other month or so.

Replenishing Purification Light was as easy as lifting a finger for Yang Kai. At most, it would consume some Yellow and Blue Crystals; however, the rapid consumption of the Purification Light was also a testament to the intensity of the battle at the various Great Passes, causing his heart to inevitably sink.

The Black Ink Clan was like moss, unkillable no matter how many you cut them down. Even if they were defeated and driven back, it wouldn’t be long before they returned.

Fortunately, with the large-scale refining and promotion of Purifying Black Ink Pills, the frequency at which Yang Kai had to replenish Purification Light became much lower.

The Purifying Black Ink Pill recipe was an inheritance left behind by an ancient Alchemist. It was incomplete though, so Zhu Ge Ming and Zhou Fang, two Alchemy Great Grandmasters, had derived its complete formula after many experiments. It was an effective method to deal with the corrosion of Black Ink Strength.

Many of the materials used to refine Purifying Black Ink Pills had disappeared from the 3,000 Worlds, but they could still be found in the many Sealed Worlds scattered across the Black Ink Battlefield. Currently, every Great Pass was cultivating large quantities of these Spirit Herbs in their own medicine gardens.

After many years of effort, their hard work had finally borne fruit.

This was especially true for Yang Kai’s Small Universe’s medicine garden, which was cultivating those Spirit Herbs in large quantities. After all, his Small Universe’s time flow was different from the outside world. He had a unique advantage when it came to cultivating herbs; he could grow them faster. He had planted many Profound Yin Fruit Trees in his medicine garden when he was exploring the Sealed Worlds.

And as the medicine garden was under the care of the two Wood Spirits, whether it was the herbs or the fruit trees, they were all growing quite well.

Yang Kai had already given the first batch of mature herbs to Blue Sky Pass. The Alchemists inside the Pass had naturally used these herbs to refine Purifying Black Ink Pills and distributed them to the soldiers.

During these years of retreat, Yang Kai had also made some arrangements in his Small Universe.

It had been a few years since his Small Universe had integrated with the World Tree clone. The feedback of the clone had enveloped the entire Small Universe by now, so the Humans living inside it had also begun to benefit from it.

The most obvious example was Miao Fei Ping.

Miao Fei Ping’s original aptitude wasn’t bad. When he had participated in Seven Stars Sect’s Disciples Recruitment with Zhao Ya and Zhao Ye Bai, he had received a ranking second only to Zhao Ya. His cultivation had been smooth sailing over the years, resulting in him advancing to the Emperor Realm.

According to Yang Kai’s investigation when Miao Fei Ping had reached the Emperor Realm, the latter had the qualifications to advance directly to the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

However, because of the World Tree clone’s nourishment, he now had a chance to advance to the Sixth Order!

Since even Miao Fei Ping was affected, the new generation of children would naturally be able to receive even more benefits from the World Tree clone. This was also the reason why the various Sects had recently taken in many good seedlings.

Moreover, this kind of feedback would only become stronger until it reached its peak. After a certain number of generations, perhaps cultivation geniuses would be seen just about everywhere.

When Yang Kai left the Star Boundary, it had already become the ultimate Open Heaven Realm cradle.

The change in the Star Boundary was also due to a World Tree clone’s feedback. Since the Star Boundary could become the cradle for the Open Heaven Realm, Yang Kai believed that his Small Universe could achieve the same. Although his Small Universe’s population was not nearly as high as the Star Boundary’s, it wasn’t small either.

Be that as it may, if he wanted to develop the potential of these prodigies, he would need to spend some effort.

As such, he used his power to create a phenomenon in his Small Universe.

One day, under the witness of all the living beings in the Small Universe, a giant palace suddenly appeared in the sky. No matter where one was, they could clearly see this palace which had appeared out of thin air.

The palace was surrounded by a dazzling halo of light which attracted everyone’s attention as soon as it manifested.

The Emperor Realm Masters of the various great Sects immediately became extremely interested in this palace that had appeared out of nowhere and all of them flew straight towards it to investigate.

Nonetheless, no matter what the Order these Emperor Realm Masters were in, no matter how hard they tried, they were unable to reach the palace. It was as if the palace was right in front of them, but also very far away.

Only one person succeeded!

It was none other than Seven Stars Sect’s Miao Fei Ping.

Under everyone’s stunned gazes, Miao Fei Ping successfully arrived at the palace.

All of the Emperor Realm Masters were greatly shocked at the sight of this. They were unable to understand why they couldn’t approach this palace, but Miao Fei Ping could.

Many of the higher-ups of the various Sects gathered around Shang Guan Ji to ask about this matter, but Shang Guan Ji was just as confused as they were.

After the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn, Miao Fei Ping flew down from the palace.

The Emperor Realm Masters quickly surrounded him to inquire about the situation after seeing him return.

Miao Fei Ping’s expression became solemn as he pondered for a moment before quenching their curiosity, “This place is called the Void Dao Temple, and it is bestowed by the World itself, not created by man.”

“Void Dao Temple!”

The crowd of Emperor Realm Masters were all extremely sceptical, wondering if this was all a ploy by the Seven Stars Sect. Otherwise, how could they explain that Miao Fei Ping was the only one who could reach the palace? Seven Stars Sect was the strongest Sect in this World, and it also had an elusive and mysterious Ancestor supporting it. Perhaps this Void Dao Temple was just a gimmick for them to dominate the whole Void World?

“What is inside this Dao Temple?” Someone asked.

Miao Fei Ping replied, “The Void Dao Temple contains the essence of the 3,000 Grand Daos, the ultimate truth of the Martial Dao, and the mysteries above the Emperor Realm!”

The Emperor Realm Masters gasped a breath of cold air in shock, many even had their eyes brightly lit up.