Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5128, The Descent of Multi-Coloured Beams

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Southern Star Palace, one of the top Sects of Void World…

At this moment, all of the higher-ups present, including Palace Master Wu Dong Xing, were looking up at the strange phenomenon occurring at the Void Dao Temple, watching the beams descending straight down on Seven Stars Sect, each of them then bringing a Seven Stars Sect disciple into the Dao Temple. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

This sight was clearly seen by all. They might have no idea what was going on, but it worried them.

Since such a strange event had suddenly occurred in Void World, Southern Star Palace naturally wanted to find out if this Void Dao Temple really was the work of the Seven Stars Sect or not.

Originally, all of them had thought that this was the case, but now it seemed that it wasn’t so. The phenomenon that appeared from the Void Dao Temple had far exceeded the scope of what Emperor Realm Masters could accomplish. Although the Seven Stars Sect had many Emperor Realm Masters, they did not have such ability.

Just as they were wondering what was happening, a beam of multi-coloured light suddenly descended from the Void Dao Temple, not towards the Seven Stars Sect but towards the Southern Star Palace.

It was a seven-coloured beam!

Wu Dong Xing immediately looked in the direction of the light beam and saw a disciple wearing a Southern Star Palace uniform slowly rising into the sky towards the Void Dao Temple.

The disciple’s behaviour could be considered quite calm, just curiously looking around with a confused expression.

“Who is that disciple?” Wu Dong Xing hurriedly asked. Southern Star Palace had many disciples, so it was practically impossible for the Palace Master to know all of them. Furthermore, this disciple’s cultivation appeared to be extremely low so he should have just entered the Sect recently.

“It’s Xue Fei!” One of the higher-ups recognized this disciple.

Wu Dong Xing Xing’s expression changed, “The genius disciple who joined just three years ago?”

He didn’t know Xue Fei personally, but he had heard of him. Among the new batch of disciples three years ago, some of them had extremely outstanding aptitudes and could be said to be the most outstanding since Southern Star Palace’s founding.

One of those supreme talents was Xue Fei.

[What’s going on? How did Xue Fei get taken away by the beam of light from the Void Dao Temple?]

Wu Dong Xing shouted without giving it another thought, “Stop him!”

Naturally, the genius disciples of their own Sect should remain with them; how could they let them be taken away by the Void Dao Temple?

As soon as he issued the order, the Emperor Realm Masters rose into the air, trying to pull Xue Fei out of the beam. Be that as it may, they were unable to break through the light barrier no matter how hard they tried. All they could do was watch Xue Fei fly further away until he disappeared into the Void Dao Temple.

This was not just happening to Southern Star Palace. Similar things were happening to many disciples of various Sects across all of Void World. Even some children who had never entered a Sect or cultivated before had been taken in by the Void Dao Temple.

After this, various Sects couldn’t sit still. Although the cultivation environment of Void World had been improving over the past few years and good seedlings had been popping up every now and then, they still couldn’t stand them being taken away by the Void Dao Temple.

They still didn’t understand what was going on, but they were certain that the Seven Stars Sect must have some idea about it.

After all, Miao Fei Ping had publicly admitted that he was the first Temple Master of the Void Dao Temple, and the beams had first started descending on the Seven Stars Sect.

Very soon, the higher-ups of the various Sects rushed to the Seven Stars Sect to gather intelligence.

In the end, when they learned the truth that all the geniuses in the World had actually been taken by the Void Dao Temple, they were all filled with resentment.

While the higher-ups of various Sects gathered at Seven Stars Sect, the Void Dao Temple’s recruitment never stopped. From time to time, multi-coloured beams of light would descend and pick up a talented person from somewhere.

In less than a dozen days, all the top young talents in the entire Void World had been taken away by the beams descending from the Void Dao Temple.

All the disciples who had been taken away had one common attribute, and that was that their cultivation wasn’t high while their aptitudes were all extraordinary.

At the same time, some Emperor Realm Masters of the top Sects had also suddenly obtained a connection with the Void Dao Temple and were chosen to serve as Deacons. At the same time, they were allowed to enter the Dao Temple to cultivate and guide the disciples who had been taken away by the beams.

The Emperor Realm Deacons who had been chosen were all a bit sceptical at first; after all, it was all too bizarre and difficult to understand. No one had told them about it in person, they just somehow felt the mysterious connection to the Void Dao Temple all of a sudden, as if there was an additional mark on their bodies, allowing them to become Deacons.

These Emperor Realm Deacons were all sceptical, but when they tried to enter the Dao Temple, they were surprised to discover that they could actually fly straight to it.

The mark that had appeared on their bodies seemed to be a kind of authorization to enter the Dao Temple!

There was not a massive number of Deacons, but there were still quite a few of them. Almost every top Sect had one.

When these Deacons entered the Dao Temple, they would either remain inside for a few hours or a few days before rushing back to their respective Sects and explaining what they had seen and heard.

The entire Void World shook from their revelations.

This was because according to these selected Dao Temple Deacons, the disciples who had been taken away were living quite well in the Dao Temple. Not only that, but the Dao Temple itself was like a completely different world. It was rich in World Energy and had perfect World Principles to cultivate in. It would undoubtedly be many times faster to cultivate in such an environment than normal.

There was also a massive Secret Art Pavilion inside the Dao Temple, which had countless Secret Arts and Secret Techniques. All of these Secret Arts were extremely precious and could be read by anyone without any restrictions. The Dao Temple didn’t even restrict them from teaching them to outsiders.

In other words, they could freely pass on any Secret Art and Secret Technique inside the Dao Temple to their own Sect.

There were also visions in the Dao Temple, demonstrating the mysteries above the Emperor Realm.

Now, the Emperor Realm Masters of Void World knew that there was an Open Heaven Realm above the Emperor Realm, and if one wanted to reach the Open Heaven Realm, they would first need to condense a Dao Seal. Then, if they wanted to complete their Dao Seal, they would need to refine cultivation materials of appropriate Elements and Orders!

What was most shocking was that these materials were all readily available in the Dao Temple, but they could not be taken at will. It needed a certain amount of contributions to the Dao Temple. As for how to gain contribution, the Deacons were unable to figure this out because their time in the Dao Temple was too short.

Only one thing was clear, if a Sect’s disciple was chosen by the Dao Temple, they would be able to obtain a certain amount of contribution points. The more disciples were chosen, the more the contribution points they would receive, and these contribution points could be exchanged for resources in the Dao Temple.

Everyone had already understood the requirements to enter the Dao Temple. Apart from the chosen Deacons who were freely allowed to enter and exit, entrance to the Dao Temple depended on one’s aptitude.

If one’s aptitude was outstanding enough, a dazzling beam would naturally descend from the Dao Temple as long as they presented themselves to it for an incense stick worth of time. Truly, the profundities of the Heavenly Way were endless and not something that could be fathomed by ordinary people.

At this point, the Sects no longer had any objections to the Void Dao Temple and all of them ordered their disciples to pay their respects to it; after all, their Sect could gain contribution points and exchange them for resources as long as their disciples were selected.

Although these genius disciples were the foundation of the Sect’s future prosperity, cultivating them would require a great deal of time and effort. How could they be compared to the temptation of exploring a higher Martial Dao on their own? What’s more, the disciples who had been taken in by the Dao Temple still had their names registered under their original Sect and their connection to it had not yet been severed. If these disciples were willing, they could travel between the Dao Temple and the Sect at any time.

The entire Void World was bustling with noise and excitement. Since the appearance of the Void Dao Temple a month ago, multi-coloured beams would appear, taking away individuals with extraordinary aptitudes each day.

After the Dao Temple Master Miao Fei Ping and the many Emperor Realm Deacons entered, the Void Dao Temple officially began operating. In just a short month, the Dao Temple had taken in over 500 disciples, each of them a genius who would be carefully cultivated by any Sect. Now that Miao Fei Ping and the other Deacons were taking care of them though, Yang Kai didn’t need to intervene until they had advanced to the Emperor Realm.

The Dao Temple disciples would definitely increase over time, and when these disciples had broken through to the Open Heaven Realm in the future, they would become a force that would help the Human Race resist the Black Ink Clan.

The power of the World Tree clone was beginning to show.

Furthermore, in order to perfect the Dao Temple’s Secret Art Pavilion, Yang Kai took the time to pay a visit to Blue Sky Pass’ War Materials Hall and spent a large amount of Military Merits to exchange for Secret Arts and Secret Techniques from the various Cave Heavens and Paradises.

These Secret Arts and Techniques would be considered priceless treasures and not easily released to others if this was the 3,000 Worlds, but they were quite common and accessible on the Black Ink Battlefield. After all, even the Demon Eye of Annihilation and Black Purgatory Eye, core Secret Techniques of Myriad Demons Heaven that would never be passed down to outsiders, could be exchanged for with Military Merits, so what of other Secret Arts and Techniques?

It did not take much time or effort to build the Void Dao Temple as everything in Yang Kai’s Small Universe could be decided by him with a flash of his thoughts.

After the Void Dao Temple was on the right track, Yang Kai didn’t pay much attention to it. Currently, the Void Dao Temple had just taken in its first disciples and they had not been cultivating for too long. It would still take some time for them to mature.

In addition to refining cultivation materials, most of Yang Kai’s time was spent on comprehending Secret Techniques. As time passed, his strength slowly and steadily increased.

Until one day, something pulled his heartstrings. He immediately focused his attention on his Small Universe.

When he laid his eyes on the figure sitting cross-legged in the Void Dao Temple, he finally muttered, “Is it time already? Since that’s the case, I shall let you decide for yourself.”

Inside the Void Dao Temple, Miao Fei Ping happened to be refining the last Element Power to complete his Dao Seal. According to the Ancestor, once he succeeded, he would be able to split Heaven and Earth apart within his body, and break through the shackles of the Emperor Realm, thereby advancing to the Open Heaven Realm.

However, no matter how hard he tried, he was unable to take that final step. There seemed to be a thin membrane that could be broken with a flick of his finger standing in his way, but he couldn’t seem to touch it regardless of how he tried.