Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5131, Scouting

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai had opened Void World and brought him to the Black Ink Battlefield as Miao Fei Ping’s aptitude was enough to advance to the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm directly. Although there were many Emperor Realm Masters in Void World, according to what he knew, there was not a single one who could refine Sixth-Order material except him. There were a few who could refine Fifth-Order materials, but they had obviously not met Yang Kai’s requirements.

As such, they would probably never be able to leave Void World.

Only the disciples chosen by the Void Dao Temple would be able to leave Void World in the future and advance to the Open Heaven Realm because all of them had outstanding aptitudes. The Order of the Open Heaven Realm they could reach would definitely be higher, so most of them should be able to meet Yang Kai’s requirements.

Miao Fei Ping’s strength had greatly increased after entering the Open Heaven Realm; also, he had suddenly arrived at an unfamiliar and dangerous place like the Black Ink Battlefield. He had many things he needed to learn, but the most important thing right now was to stabilize his cultivation.

After parting ways with Yang Kai, he returned to his new residence and began refining resources.

Recently, the Black Ink Clan was a little restless. It had been almost a century since the last war between the two Races concluded in the Blue Sky Theatre. The Black Ink Clan had recovered its strength after so many years, so they were obviously looking to start another war.

The Black Ink Clan was not afraid of their loss in strength, but the lives of every Human were extremely precious. So, the Black Ink Clan had been employing the strategy of sending an Army to besiege the Great Passes as long as they had the strength to fight for countless years. Nonetheless, they failed to conquer it after so many attempts.

The Human Race might not have many soldiers, but each and every one of them was an elite. They were able to rout the Black Ink Clan every single time, relying on their Warships and the unique advantages of the Great Pass.

After countless cycles of offence and defence, countless millennia had gone by.

Now that the war was about to begin again, Blue Sky Pass was preparing. Blue Sky Pass was bustling with the activities of the Open Heaven Realm Masters. All those who were in retreat all year round were undoubtedly preparing for war.

Blue Sky Pass had no clue where and when the Black Ink Clan army would strike, and it had always been like this.

Mostly, the initiative of the war was in the hands of the Black Ink Clan while the Human Race could only passively defend.

Of course, there were times when the Humans also attacked. For instance, the soldiers of Blue Sky Pass attacked the Black Ink Clan’s territory last time under the leadership of their Old Ancestor, which resulted in the Black Ink Clan’s retaliation, and a war breaking out. If it weren’t for that war, Yang Kai wouldn’t have been able to escape the Black Ink Clan so easily and arrive at Blue Sky Pass.

Another example was the recent battle at Yin-Yang Pass, where the Humans were the first to attack, but that was mainly to coordinate with Yang Kai’s actions.

Most of the time, the Human Race’s situation was quite passive.

Although they were forced into a passive position, Blue Sky Pass was still trying to gain the upper hand. At the very least, they needed to understand the timing and direction of the Black Ink Clan’s attack.

One Squad after another was sent out to serve as scouts to investigate the movements of the Black Ink Clan army and obtain intelligence on them.

In the past, Blue Sky Pass had also taken similar measures, but the scope of the scouting parties’ movements were limited because they didn’t have the Universe Arrays as a safeguard. By the time they discovered something, the Black Ink Clan Army would usually only be a day or two away from Blue Sky Pass.

If the scouts were slow, they would be at risk of being wiped out.

But now, things were different, owing to the existence of the Universe Arrays. The Scouts were able to move more freely, and their safety was guaranteed.

The effective range of the Universe Array became the range of the scouts’ movements. This way, they would be able to predict the enemy’s movements and make early preparations.

As a Special Operations Squad, Dawn had many members and elites, so it was naturally the most suitable for such a mission.

A year after Miao Fei Ping broke through to the Open Heaven Realm, he received Yang Kai’s summon and promptly came out to report.

The over 30 members of Dawn Squad were assembled together. Out of these, six were Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, including Yang Kai, Feng Ying, and Bai Yi.

Such a lineup was exemplary, even considering the entire Black Ink Battlefield.

Under everyone’s attention, Yang Kai spoke, “It’s been almost a century since the last war. The Black Ink Clan is making a comeback. Dawn has received orders from the Army Commander to temporarily act as a scout and keep an eye on the Black Ink Clan’s movements. We won’t engage the Black Ink Clan army this time, we’re only responsible for collecting intelligence. Nonetheless, the battlefield is full of dangers and uncertainty, so I hope everyone will remain vigilant. I expect every one of us who sorties to return alive!”

Everyone nodded.

With everyone’s morale raised high, Yang Kai nodded slightly, signalling to Feng Ying. Feng Ying stepped forward and handed out a jade bottle to each Squad member.

While she was distributing the pills, Yang Kai explained, “These are Purifying Black Ink Pills that were developed a few years ago. I believe I don’t need to explain much about the effects of these pills, everyone knows that if you are accidentally invaded by Black Ink Strength, you must take this pill as soon as possible to ensure your safety. Of course, you can also use the Universe Transference Law to return to Dawning Light. The Purifying Light can also disperse Black Ink Strength, but we can’t always account for sudden accidents. If you are unable to activate the Universe Transference Law in time and become invaded by Black Ink Strength, this Purifying Black Ink Pill can be used to save your life. Although the materials to refine Purifying Black Ink Pills aren’t particularly rare, there aren’t many Alchemists inside the Pass who can refine this pill, so the supply is limited. Each of you will receive two pills, and each one of them is extremely rare and precious.”

While Yang Kai was explaining, many members were examining the jade bottles in their hands.

They had naturally heard of the Purifying Black Ink Pill before. When it was first developed, it had caused quite a stir in Blue Sky Pass.

The corruption of Black Ink Strength had always been a thorn in the Human Race’s side that could never be removed before Yang Kai came to Blue Sky Pass. Yang Kai’s appearance had brought the Purifying Light that could dispel Black Ink Strength, which had played a huge role in the last war against the Black Ink Clan, greatly reducing the Human Race’s casualties.

Be that as it may, the Purifying Light was sealed inside the Purifying Black Ink Battleships, so it was necessary to use the Universe Transference Law to return to the Purifying Black Ink Battleships to be treated. Because of the importance of the Purifying Black Ink Battleships, they were usually placed inside the Pass or in the rear of the battlefield.

As such, once one used the Universe Transference Law to return to a Purifying Black Ink Battleship, they would need to travel a great distance to return to the battlefield. Furthermore, when they used the Universe Transference Law, they couldn’t be disturbed for several breaths.

But the Purifying Black Ink Pill was different. They could take the pill even if they were locked in battle against a Black Ink Clansman; thus, they would not need to disengage and find a safe spot or rush back to the battlefield after they were treated.

It could be said that the Purifying Black Ink Pill and Purifying Light both had their own pros and cons. With the combination of both though, the problem of the Black Ink Strength corruption had been almost completely solved, allowing the Humans to relax and fight against the Black Ink Clan without restraint.

After ensuring that every member of the Squad was given their Purifying Black Ink Pills, Yang Kai raised his hand and ordered, “Move out.” UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Ordering so, he took the lead and flew out, closely followed by the rest.

When Yang Kai led his Squad to the west gate of Blue Sky Pass, hundreds of other Open Heaven Realm Masters were already gathered here in groups of ten or so. Clearly, all of them were members of Squads.

Seeing Yang Kai’s arrival, many people came up to greet him. These people had either received Yang Kai’s life-saving grace or had heard of him. Yang Kai naturally responded and greeted them one by one.

There were also some arrogant fellows who nitpicked at them from afar, but none of them came forward. The main reason was that Dawn Squad was too eye-catching. Compared to the dozen or so members of their Squad, Dawn had over thirty people, six of whom were Seventh-Order Masters.

Other Squads only had three Seventh-Order Masters at most. Dawn Squad’s lineup made many Squad Leaders drool.

A moment later, a figure descended from the sky. It was none other than the Western Army Commander, Zhong Liang!

Zhong Liang’s dignified gaze swept over them before he spoke, “The mission this time is to gather intelligence. If you are outnumbered or think you can’t defeat the enemy, avoid engaging the Black Ink Clan.”

Suddenly, one of the Squad Leaders grinned and asked, “What if we can?”

Zhong Liang glared at him, obviously blaming him for speaking out of turn, but he still responded, “If you can wipe them out, you should naturally thrash those bastards.”

Everyone immediately burst into laughter, dispelling the tense atmosphere before the expedition.

Zhong Liang continued, “The Black Ink Clan also has scouts, so be careful and avoid them. If you find any traces of the Black Ink Clan army, report back immediately!” After he was finished speaking, he raised his hand and shouted, “Open the gates!”

At the west gate Spirit Array barrier, the Array Masters changed their hand seals and opened a gap.

A solemn expression took over Zhong Liang’s face as he cupped his fist and shouted, “This Zhong wishes all of you a prosperous Martial Dao and a triumphant return!”

Hundreds of soldiers cupped their fists in return before rushing out of the exit under the leadership of their Squad Leaders, painting a spectacular scene.

Outside the pass, the Squad Leaders summoned their Warships one after another before their respective Squads boarded them. After everyone had boarded, the Warships left streaks of dazzling light as they scattered in all directions.

On the Dawn Squad’s side, Feng Ying had also taken out Dawning Light. The Squad members skillfully boarded the Warship and took to their respective positions.

Yang Kai, gazing at the familiar yet unfamiliar Dawning Light, couldn’t help but furrow his brow and ask, “Senior Sister, did you spend your Military Merits to modify Dawning Light again?”

The last time Yang Kai had gone to Yin-Yang Pass for a mission, so he had handed Dawning Light over to Feng Ying for safekeeping. By the looks of it, Dawning Light had undergone a lot of modifications and had become even more powerful.

Especially the spear artifact at the front section of Dawning Light. It was incomparably large and radiating an extraordinary aura. At a glance, it was quite obvious that it was the work of some Artifact Refining Great Grandmaster.

If this thing was activated with the power of the Array, its might would definitely be quite fearsome. It could even pose a threat to a Black Ink Clan Territory Lord. If it was powered by the Seventh-Order Masters of Dawn, they might even be able to put up a fight against a Territory Lord.

Feng Ying agreed with a nod, “That’s right, only a stronger Dawning Light can ensure the safety of its Squad members. The upgrades are worth their price.”

Yang Kai helplessly sighed, “You’re about to break through to the Eighth Order, so you should at least leave some Military Merits to exchange for cultivation resources. I also heard that you could use the Military Merits to exchange for some pointers and insights from the Eighth-Order Division Commanders. Senior Sister, you should be a little more selfish.”

Feng Ying smiled and waved her hand, “I’ve made my preparations already, you don’t need to worry about me breaking through to the Eighth Order. Besides, the Military Merits spent on modifying Dawning Light were yours. In any case, you have a lot of Military Merits.”

Yang Kai rolled his eyes at her as he laughed, “Fine, fine.”

After the two boarded the ship, the Open Heaven Realm Masters responsible for controlling Dawning Light poured their energy into the Spirit Array. The next moment, the Warship shot out into the void, leaving behind a dazzling streak of light.