Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5134, Instant Kill
Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The two of them continued on their way.

The Feudal Lord’s Fief wasn’t far away. A dark and gloomy Universe World appeared in Yang Kai’s field of vision a day later. This Universe World wasn’t big, but the entire world was shrouded in a thick layer of Black Ink Strength, which happened to be particularly dense in one spot.

Through the obstruction, one could vaguely see a Black Ink Nest standing in that direction.

There were many Black Ink Clansmen near the Black Ink Nest.

Yang Kai led Miao Fei Ping straight towards the Black Ink Nest. Before reaching the Black Ink Nest, Miao Fei Ping took out a Purifying Black Ink Pill and stuffed it into his mouth, holding it under his tongue so that he could crunch it at any moment, after receiving Yang Kai’s signal.

Although Yang Kai could cure him with Purifying Light, Yang Kai had his own plans. He couldn’t take care of Miao Fei Ping all the time, so preparing a Purifying Black Ink Pill in advance was the better choice.

Yang Kai didn’t try to hide himself. He broke straight through the thick Black Ink Clouds and crashed into the ground near the Black Ink Nest as if he had fallen from the sky. His powerful landing sent the ground quaking. The impact caused the surrounding Black Ink Clansmen to be blown away while the weaker Black Ink Serfs even suffered heavy casualties.

The two Feudal Lords who had been guarding this Fief noticed this and immediately flew out from their respective residences.

These two Feudal Lords were not necessarily the Masters of this place. The Black Ink Clan might have many Feudal Lords, but not all of them actually had their own Fiefs. At most a few dozen Feudal Lords had the qualifications to own their own Fiefs under each Territory Lord. The Feudal Lords who owned these Fiefs were undoubtedly rich and powerful.

Those without Fiefs would either find a place to live in the territory of some Territory Lord or seek refuge with those with Fiefs.

This way, they could become stronger using the Black Ink Strength spilling from the Black Ink Nest.

Such a situation was common in the Black Ink Clan, so a mature Feudal Lord’s Fief did not just have one Feudal Lord. Of course, the Master of a Black Ink Nest would always be the one who hatched it.

When the two Feudal Lords guarding the Black Ink Nest rushed out and spotted Yang Kai and Miao Fei Ping, they were stunned.

[Humans!?]

[Humans are actually here!?]

[What’s going on?]

Although it wasn’t as if the Humans had never attacked the Black Ink Clan’s territory before, every time the Humans did so they had sent a massive army, never just two of them.

Therefore, when they saw Yang Kai and Miao Fei Ping, these two Feudal Lords worried that the Human Army had arrived. However, after carefully examining their surroundings, they failed to find any traces of other Humans. There were just these two.

The Feudal Lord on the left immediately shouted, “You arrogant Humans, how dare you disdain us!”

The one on the right was relatively quiet, but his movements were as swift as the wind. As his companion shouted, he rushed towards Yang Kai and Black Ink Strength surrounded his giant palm as he ruthlessly slapped down.

Miao Fei Ping hurriedly dodged. Although he had killed two High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen, he knew that this kind of battle was not something he could interfere with.

After fleeing 1,000 metres, when Miao Fei Ping looked back, what he saw next shook him to the core.

He saw his Martial Uncle holding a spear in one hand, while its other end was stabbed into the Feudal Lord’s head. The imposing Feudal Lord happened to be completely stiff and a look of disbelief had blanketed his face.

With a flick of his spear, the Feudal Lord’s head exploded into mist as his massive body fell to the ground, blood gushing out from his severed neck like a fountain.

An instant kill!

Miao Fei Ping couldn’t believe his eyes. A Feudal Lord had been instantly slain by his Martial Uncle!

He didn’t even notice his Martial Uncle using some mighty Secret Technique, as if just a casual spear thrust had deprived the Black Ink Clansman of his life. The Feudal Lord, who he thought was strong and imposing, was as weak as a chicken in front of his Martial Uncle.

On the way here, the members of Dawn Squad had told him that their Squad Leader’s strength was far superior to an ordinary Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, and he had even cooperated with others to kill Territory Lords.

But hearing it was one thing and seeing it with his own eyes was completely different.

Miao Fei Ping finally understood the gravity of this evaluation.

His Marital Uncle wasn’t just stronger than normal, his strength was simply unparalleled!

In terms of Order, a Feudal Lord was equivalent to a Seventh-Order Human. Although they would be somewhat weaker than a Seventh-Order Master under normal circumstances, a Feudal Lord was still a Feudal Lord. Even so, this Feudal Lord was instantly killed by his Martial Uncle.

[Just what kind of height has Martial Uncle’s combat strength reached?]

Miao Fei Ping had no idea, but he couldn’t afford to think too much about it at this moment. Many Black Ink Clansmen were rushing towards him, so he summoned his sword and activated his Movement Technique, turning around and charging at them.

Fortunately, the Black Ink Clansmen attacking him weren’t very strong. Even if there were High-Rank Clansmen among their ranks, their strength was only equivalent to a Fourth-Order or Fifth-Order Human Master. With his current Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm foundation, even if Miao Fei Ping were to fight one against many, he was barely able to hold out. Of course, if the battle dragged on, it would be difficult to say what the outcome would be.

It wasn’t surprising for such a situation to occur. Most of the forces capable of fighting in this territory had been taken away by the Master of this Fief, so the ones left behind were naturally younger, or weaker, so how strong could they be?

He understood his Martial Uncle’s intentions. Obviously, Yang Kai wanted to use this opportunity to sharpen him and familiarize him with the battle against the Black Ink Clan so that he wouldn’t falter or become flustered on the real battlefield.

This was a rare opportunity, so Miao Fei Ping treasured it greatly. Furthermore, he didn’t want to disappoint his Martial Uncle’s expectations, so he put his heart into it, attentively applying everything he had learned in his life.

On the other hand, when Yang Kai killed the charging Feudal Lord with a single thrust, it shocked the other Feudal Lord to the core!

After becoming a Feudal Lord, their understanding of the Human Race was no longer something that those cannon fodder could compare with. He had participated in the siege of Blue Sky Pass several times and had witnessed various Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters’ methods and Secret Techniques on the battlefield.

However, there had never been a Seventh-Order Master who gave him such an ominous feeling. This must be one of those Seventh-Order Human elites, and judging from the casual way he killed his comrade, probably only a Territory Lord could take him down.

Therefore, after seeing his companion die, this Feudal Lord decisively released a burst of Black Ink Strength before transforming into seven or eight identical figures that rushed out in all directions. One of them even rushed straight towards Yang Kai, wanting to stall for time.

Yang Kai looked around, slightly taken aback.

The Secret Technique of this Feudal Lord was quite interesting. It was obviously derived from some kind of escape technique of the Human Race. In fact, many of the Black Ink Clan’s tactics and Secret Techniques could be traced back to the Humans. After all, during the countless years of war between the two races, the Black Ink Clan had been learning and improving.

If it were any other Seventh-Order Master, he or she might not have any idea what to do in the face of this escape technique. But unfortunately, this kind of trick was useless against Yang Kai.

With a flick of his spear, Yang Kai dispersed the figure that was pouncing towards him. The figure immediately transformed into a thick wave of Black Ink Strength that enveloped Yang Kai, attempting to corrupt his Small Universe. Be that it may, Yang Kai didn’t care about this kind of attack at all. A golden vertical eye suddenly appeared in his left eye. The Demon Eye of Annihilation immediately allowed him to see through all illusions.

Most of the figures were created using Black Ink Strength to divert Yang Kai’s attention, but only one of them was the true body of the Feudal Lord.

This Feudal Lord’s Secret Technique wasn’t bad, but he had not perfectly mastered it, so his flaws became obvious under the Demon Eye of Annihilation’s gaze.

Space Principles surged and a certain figure suddenly froze before an extremely dangerous aura shot towards it from behind.

The Feudal Lord hurriedly looked back and was frightened out of his wits! Much to his surprise, the Human was still standing in the same spot, but had hurled the long spear in his hand at him. The long spear seemed to ignore the limits of space and arrived instantly at its target.

To his dismay, the Feudal Lord discovered that no matter how he tried to dodge this attack, he was unable to. The spear seemed to have locked onto him.

In his panic, he roared as a tangible sound wave swept out in all directions. It seemed to have some kind of repulsive effect, but the spear still did not slow down at all and easily broke through his Black Ink Strength defences, leaving a hole in his chest.

The Feudal Lord went stiff, as if struck by lightning.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The next moment, the long spear flew back into Yang Kai’s hand. Yang Kai did not even spare the Feudal Lord a glance and just walked towards the Black Ink Nest.

Yang Kai’s contemptuous attitude made the Feudal Lord feel both sad and angry. He raised his hand, trying his best to grab Yang Kai, but as soon as he used his Black Ink Strength, his entire body exploded into a blood mist, leaving not even his bones behind.

The two Feudal Lords had only taken a single attack from Yang Kai each before dying on the spot, a testament to the latter’s great strength.

Although Yang Kai could also do this over twenty years ago, it was even easier for him to do so now.

After returning from Yin-Yang Pass and entering retreat for so many years, not only had his cultivation improved, but he had also gained a deeper understanding of the Spear Dao and the Dao of Space. Now, he was able to integrate these two Grand Daos into a single spear strike. When he attacked with the Azure Dragon Spear, space around it froze, making it impossible to avoid. This was the biggest reason why the two Feudal Lords were so vulnerable.

His comprehension of his own Grand Daos allowed Yang Kai’s combat strength to rise to a whole new level.

Once the two Feudal Lords who had remained behind in the Fief died, the remaining Black Ink Clansmen fell into a panic. Although there were still some who were attacking Miao Fei Ping, most of the Black Ink Clansmen were now fleeing as fast as they could, afraid that they would be buried together with the Feudal Lords if they were too slow.

Yang Kai casually killed some of them who were in his way, but didn’t pursue the ones who fled.

These lower Black Ink Clansmen were simply too massive in number, so he could not kill them all in short order. There was no need to waste time here.

His goal was the Low-Rank Black Ink Nest.

The Void Dao Temple had already been founded for over 100 years, and all of the talented seedlings in Void World had been sent there to cultivate. In the future, these people would definitely be able to break through to the Open Heaven Realm and become a force that would resist the Black Ink Clan.

Miao Fei Ping’s performance was undoubtedly excellent. Although he had only come into contact with the Black Ink Clan for a short time, he had become familiar with how to fight them after killing the previous two High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen and was now chasing after the fleeing Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen.

However, circumstances and environment affected one’s temperament greatly. Perhaps the disciples of the Void Dao Temple were talented in terms of cultivation, but if they really faced the Black Ink Clan, it was difficult to say how each of them would fare.

Perhaps many people would be intimidated when they first came face to face with this kind of fiendish and hostile alien race. So, how could they have the courage to fight them?

Yang Kai wanted to let them familiarize themselves with how to fight the Black Ink Clan while they were still in their early growth period, so that when they advanced to the Open Heaven Realm, they could directly enter the war on the Black Ink Battlefield.