Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5136, Fishing

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Over 100,000 Black Ink Clansmen were gathered on a universe fragment. It was quite a magnificent sight. Not only that, but Black Ink Clansmen kept coming from all directions in groups of hundreds to thousands.

Obviously, each group was a Feudal Lord leading his troops.

There was no doubt that this place was one of the rally points of the Black Ink Clan Army. And judging by the scale of the Black Ink Clan army in front of him, it was definitely gathered under the command of several Territory Lords.

In fact, Yang Kai could faintly sense that there were at least five Territory Lords in this Army even from this distance.

Of course, this was not the entirety of the Black Ink Clan Army. Armies were definitely being gathered at other places even now.

Every time the Black Ink Clan attacked, it had millions of soldiers in its Army. If they didn’t have so many, the Humans wouldn’t have to fight so hard.

As a scout, Yang Kai naturally carried out his mission faithfully. Very soon, he sent a jade slip detailing everything he had seen back to Dawning Light via the Space Beacon, and with Dawning Light as a relay point, this information was sent back to Blue Sky Pass, allowing the Army Commanders to obtain the information right away.

Yang Kai remained completely still, paying close attention to the movements of the 100,000-strong Black Ink Clan Army.

Since there was such a large rally point here, there wouldn’t be a second one nearby. The other rally points of the Black Ink Clan Army would be the other scouting Squads’ concern.

The size of the Army continued to increase with time, gradually approaching 200,000. If one Territory Lord could gather twenty to 30,000 soldiers, the number of Territory Lords gathered here would be close to 10.

This was also in line with the current situation. Every time the Black Ink Clan launched a siege, at least four Armies would attack from four different directions at the same time, forcing the Human Race to defend the Great Pass in all cardinal directions. Any negligence in any direction could lead to a complete loss.

Gradually, fewer and fewer Black Ink Clansmen arrived. Apparently, most of them had already gathered. Nonetheless, the Black Ink Clan Army didn’t seem to have any intention of immediately setting out and instead remained stationed on the universe fragment.

Yang Kai presumed that they were waiting for the other Armies to act together.

Although there were over 200,000 of them, if they were to attack the Great Pass with just this much force, they would not be able to cause any real damage. As such, the Black Ink Clan had to prepare all of their forces and attack from all sides in order to overwhelm the Humans.

After sending the last message to Dawning Light, Yang Kai flew out of his hiding place, heading straight for the universe fragment.

After observing for some time, Yang Kai concluded that the size of the Black Ink Clan Army at this rally point wouldn’t increase much further. Presumably, it wouldn’t be long before they attacked Blue Sky Pass; hence, there was no need to continue observing.

He didn’t try to conceal himself, so the Black Ink Clansmen on the universe fragment soon discovered his tracks. The streak of light cutting through the void was extremely eye-catching, so it immediately sent the Black Ink Clansmen on the universe fragment into an uproar.

Some of the impatient Feudal Lords had already rushed out, leading their subordinates straight at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai suddenly stopped, quickly turned around and fled, acting like a Human cultivator who had accidentally run into the Black Ink Clan Army and was fleeing in panic.

How could the pursuing Black Ink Clansmen let this matter go so easily? They chased after him like a shadow, hot on his tail, soon disappearing together with Yang Kai.

Many Black Ink Clansmen on the universe fragment saw this scene from afar, but most of them remained indifferent, while a few of them even sneered. In their opinion, things were not going to end well for the Human cultivator who had rashly ventured here alone.

However, what surprised them was that the seemingly lost Human cultivator once again flew towards them after half an hour or so, leaving a dazzling trail as he cut through the void. It was quite eye-catching.

On the other hand, the several hundred Black Ink Clansmen who had chased after him were nowhere to be seen.

This shocked the Black Ink Clansmen who witnessed this scene. They were unable to understand how this Human had managed to escape unscathed. And where did their fellow clansmen who had pursued him go?

What was even more hateful was that when the Human came over, he would first fly straight and then saunter left and right like he was enjoying the view. His movements had a thick sense of provocation.

How could they tolerate this?

In the blink of an eye, an army of several hundred Black Ink Clansmen surrounded the Human under the leadership of their respective Feudal Lords.

Just like before, the Human fled, while several Black Ink Clan teams gave chase, gradually disappearing into the distance.

At a certain spot on the universe fragment, a Territory Lord stared deeply in the direction Yang Kai had fled in, “The Human Race must have set up some kind of ambush over there. These idiots are probably dead.”

The Territory Lords weren’t fools. Yang Kai had tried to provoke them at close range twice, so how could they not see through his intentions?

Another Territory Lord coldly snorted, “The Humans have become quite bold recently. They wouldn’t have acted like this in the past. What gives them the confidence to dare come here and provoke us like this?”

Another Territory Lord added, “Regardless of the reason, the Humans seem to have undergone great changes in the last 100 years. You should have heard the news of what happened at Mu Guang’s Royal Domain, right?”

A Territory Lord agreed with a nod, “I heard that the Human Race has developed something called Purifying Black Ink Pills that can dispel the corrosion of Black Ink Strength. That is not good news.”

“However, this also explains why there haven’t been any new Black Ink Disciples for so long! Although the Human Race’s Purifying Black Ink Pills are troublesome, their disadvantage in numbers will never change. For the Human Race to dare set up an ambush so far outside their Pass in these conditions is extremely stupid.”

“You mean…” One of the Territory Lords thoughtfully looked at him.

The Territory Lord who had just spoken chuckled, “Unlike my Black Ink Clan, if any of the Human cultivators were to die, the Humans would feel the loss. Since they dared to set up an ambush outside the Pass, we might as well beat them at their own game and try to eat them up.”

“But do you know how many Masters the Human Race has there?”

The Territory Lord stated, “This place is about a dozen days away from their Great Pass, so how many people could the Humans have sent here? And since our Black Ink Clan Army is preparing to attack, they are definitely preparing to defend as well. Even if they have sent a team to ambush us, it shouldn’t be too big. If I’ve to guess, there should be a number of elites, but would our Army of 200,000 not be able to handle such a small number of people?”

Many Territory Lords were moved by his words.

Even though it should only be a small team of Human Masters, if they could really kill these Masters here, it would be enough to make the Humans’ hearts bleed for a long time. In fact, after every war between the two Races, the casualties on humanity’s side might not even be as great as this. Furthermore, just as the Territory Lord had said, since the Humans dared to set up an ambush outside the Pass, they must have sent quite a number of elites. If they took this opportunity to eliminate them, the Humans would suffer a huge loss.

“There must be an Eighth-Order Division Commander among them. If we can kill one or two Eighth-Order Humans, heh heh… we’ll have avenged the Royal Lord and cleansed ourselves of our most recent shame!”

All the Territory Lords nodded in agreement.

One of the Territory Lords stated, “If we are really going to take action, we need to figure out the position and strength of the Human ambushers. Any volunteers?”

A short, humanoid-looking Territory Lord stood up and smiled, taking the initiative to volunteer, “I’ll go.”

One of the Territory Lords added, nodding, “You’re perfect for this job. That Human should not have gone far, so you’ll be able to catch up to him without much effort. However, you must be careful not to fall into a trap.”

“Rest assured, how could this Lord die before the Humans are destroyed?”

Saying so, he soared into the sky. Who knows what kinds of Secret Technique he cultivated, but his Territory Lord aura had been suppressed to the extreme. Coupled with his humanoid form, it would be difficult for ordinary people to find him.

He was really fast. After chasing the fleeing Human for a while, he soon felt violent energy fluctuations coming from the front. Obviously, someone was fighting up ahead.

Combined with the previous scene, this Territory Lord had already guessed this would be the case and immediately restrained his aura further to stealthily approach the battlefield.

A moment later, when he finally arrived at the periphery of the battlefield and gazed ahead, he couldn’t help but stare in shock.

All the Territory Lords had come to the conclusion that the Humans must have set up an ambush; otherwise, they could not explain why the several hundred troops that had chased after the Human had disappeared so quickly.

He had chased after the Human because he wanted to check up on the position and size of the Humans lying in ambush so that he could formulate a corresponding strategy.

But he did not find a Human ambush. Rather it was just that one Human who had lured the Black Ink Clan troops away before killing everyone who chased him with his spear.

This Human might have been alone, but he was like a reaper of death, slaughtering the Feudal Lord troops like they were nothing.

[How could this Human be so strong?]

The Territory Lord clearly saw a Feudal Lord quietly approaching this Human from behind, attempting to launch a sneak attack, but in the end, he was pierced by a spear before he could even react.

In less than the time it took for an incense stick to burn, nearly 30% of the Feudal Lord troops had been killed. The Human was covered in blood and radiating intense killing intent, but the blood was all black. The long spear in his hands had reached the acme of perfection. Every time he thrust out, the lives of several Black Ink Clansmen would be reaped.

At this rate, it would only be a matter of time before he had finished all of them.

This person is definitely an elite among elites of the Human Race!

For a moment, the Territory Lord couldn’t help but have an intent to kill. This Human couldn’t be allowed to grow anymore. He was already so strong in the Seventh Order, so if broke through to the Eighth Order, none of the Territory Lords could resist him.

But just as he was about to act, he couldn’t help but recall his mission.

He still had not discovered the location and number of the Human Race ambushers, and rashly attacking this Human would only alert the enemy. Furthermore, he could not figure out what was going on in this Human’s mind. Since he had lured out a few Feudal Lord troops, why was he fighting them alone instead of surrounding them?

[Does he think that he alone can take care of this, so he decided not to lure the enemy any further?]

With this thought in mind, the Territory Lord withdrew his killing intent and turned his eyes towards the distance. A moment later, he silently retreated just as he had silently arrived. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

On the battlefield, Yang Kai’s spear was dancing like a Dragon. Suddenly, he relaxed as the feeling of being secretly observed by someone finally disappeared.