Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5137, A Big Fish

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

When Yang Kai parted ways with Miao Fei Ping and said he wanted to go fishing, he really meant to go fishing.

As a scout, Yang Kai had already completed his mission. He had basically figured out the location and deployment of the 200,000 Black Ink Clansmen in this region. After he had sent their location to Blue Sky Pass, the higher-ups would naturally make plans to deal with them.

His original plan was to lure some of the Black Ink Clansmen out and kill them. Although alone, he could only kill a limited number of them and it would not affect the overall situation, it was still better than doing nothing.

But after seeing over 200,000 Black Ink Clansmen, Yang Kai formulated a bigger plan.

If he kept provoking them, maybe he could lure this Black Ink Clan Army into attacking in advance. In that case, this Black Ink Clan Army would definitely be separated from the other forces, which would be quite advantageous for Blue Sky Pass.

However, the chances of this happening weren’t high. The Black Ink Clan weren’t fools. After besieging the Great Passes so many times, they knew that they couldn’t accomplish much just by relying on this army alone. So, they had been waiting for the other armies to gather so that they could advance together. Only by doing so would they be able to put pressure on Blue Sky Pass.

Be that as it may, it was still worth trying.

If he couldn’t achieve it in one try, he could give it couple more tries. Even if he couldn’t achieve his goal, he could still take advantage of this opportunity to eliminate some of the Black Ink Clansmen and relieve some pressure on the battlefield.

With his mastery over the Dao of Space, and Blue Sky Pass being just behind him, Yang Kai could fight or flee at will. Even if a Territory Lord took action, he could escape at any time he wanted.

The first attempt at luring the enemy had undoubtedly been a success. He drew off a troop of several hundred Black Ink Clansmen, out of which three were Feudal Lords. The rest were all High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen, not enough to threaten him.

The second time, the number of Black Ink Clansmen he had lured was quite high, almost 2,000 in total. Nonetheless, the situation was still under his control. Even if he couldn’t kill them all, it didn’t matter.

But right as he was about to begin his slaughter, Yang Kai suddenly felt as if he was being watched from the shadows. This immediately made his heart clench and he silently split his attention to guard against any unexpected situations. He didn’t know where this spy was hiding, but since he was able to evade his detection, the opposite party had to be a Territory Lord.

[They couldn’t hold back, huh?] Yang Kai was a little taken aback.

Yang Kai wasn’t afraid. Since this Territory Lord was hiding in the shadows, perhaps he wanted to make a move on Yang Kai. Nonetheless, as long as he made a move, he would definitely show some signs, which would allow Yang Kai to escape in time.

So, Yang Kai pretended to not have noticed even though he had. He continued to slaughter more Black Ink Clansmen while giving the impression that he was prepared to leave as soon as things turned south.

To his surprise, the feeling of being watched soon disappeared.

[What are they planning? Since I was distracted, why did he not attack and instead left so quickly?] Yang Kai could not understand what the Black Ink Clansman observing him was planning, but he could not care less about it at the moment. With the Territory Lord gone, he became even more unscrupulous.

Many of the 2,000 Black Ink Clansmen were slaughtered by Yang Kai, while a handful managed to escape. Yang Kai had also suffered some injuries; after all, it was hard on him to fend off so many all alone. However, his injuries weren’t serious and he recovered after half a day of rest.

While Yang Kai was recuperating, a ghost-like figure slowly flew by the place where Dawning Light was hiding. This figure was none other than the Territory Lord who had volunteered to scout for the Human ambush.

Dawning Light’s concealment was quite good. Owing to the advantageous terrain and powerful Concealment Arrays, and with the void being so vast, even if a Territory Lord passed nearby, he might not be able to discover anything if he didn’t carefully investigate.

Along the way, this Territory Lord had noted about eighty to hundred shattered universe fragments, but he only did a quick inspection, so how could he have discovered anything?

Coincidentally, just as he was preparing to investigate further, several large ships flew over from the direction of Blue Sky Pass.

The Territory Lord immediately stopped and carefully observed.

After a short while, his expression changed as he hurriedly flew back the way he came, only stopping when he was at a safe distance.

He could not judge the exact situation from afar, but he was certain that the Human Race was laying an ambush.

[How cunning!] The Territory Lord cursed in his heart. Although he still had not found the exact deployment of the Humans, he didn’t dare to approach them at this moment because he could sense a familiar aura from the lead ship.

The Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Humans were quite familiar with each other after having fought for so many years. So, this Territory Lord was able to determine the identities of the enemy even from a great distance.

[A big fish!] The Territory Lord was overjoyed and couldn’t wait to return to the camp to deliver this news.

At the same time, Bai Yi, Feng Ying, and the others also noticed the movements and hurriedly flew up to check it out. They were all quite surprised when they saw several Warships flying towards them.

A short while later, the ships arrived at Dawning Light’s location before a figure jumped down from the lead ship.

Feng Ying stepped forward and respectfully greeted, “Martial Uncle!”

Zhong Liang slightly nodded before he started looking left and right, “Where’s Yang Boy?”

Feng Ying replied, “Squad Leader is still out scouting for information and has yet to return.”

Zhong Liang snorted, “I knew that brat would be up to no good. What bullshit information gathering, he must be off getting into all kinds of trouble.”

Feng Ying didn’t know how to respond to this, so she chose to remain silent and turned her attention towards the figures coming down from the ships. Slowly, her expression became solemn, “Martial Uncle, you…”

She couldn’t help but be shocked, because the figures coming down from the ships were all Seventh-Order and above Masters. Other than the Army Commander Zhong Liang, there were also over a dozen Eighth-Order Division Commanders. Feng Ying originally belonged to the Western Army, so how could she not recognize the Division Commanders of the Western Army?

[Is the Western Army really going all out?]

In addition to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, there were nearly 1,000 Seventh-Order Masters.

Zhong Liang chuckled, “We didn’t have such conditions in the past. Except for the attacks launched under the Old Ancestor’s leadership, all we could do was passively defend inside the Pass. It was quite frustrating, but now that things are in our favour, we naturally have to give the Black Ink Clan a big surprise and vent all our frustrations.”

Saying so, he suddenly took out something and threw it. The object resembled a ball of chiffon that suddenly expanded, enveloping the entire universe fragment. Feng Ying immediately felt as if a mysterious force had enveloped the entire universe fragment, isolating it from the outside world.

At this moment, even if someone were to observe from the outside, they wouldn’t be able to see what was happening inside this place.

Afterwards, everyone scattered about, searching for an empty spot.

Immediately afterwards, portals to Small Universes opened one after another, even Zhong Liang opened a portal to his Small Universe. Soon, figures emerged from these portals one after another.

Feng Ying, Bai Yi, and the others were all dumbfounded. The other members of Dawn were also tongue-tied.

In the blink of an eye, roughly 8,000 people had appeared on the universe fragment. Furthermore, these people immediately converged with their respective Squads and started setting up Spirit Arrays in a skilful manner, concealing their auras.

Feng Ying’s brow twitched as she stared blankly at this scene unfolding before her eyes. She could not help but ask, “Martial Uncle, has the entire Western Army been mobilized?”

At first, she thought that only the Seventh and Eighth-Order Masters of the Western Army had come, but to her surprise, the entire Western Army was here.

Blue Sky Pass only had about 30,000 soldiers, that’s all. And when they were divided into various Armies, each one made up between 8,000 and 9,000 soldiers. The number of soldiers gathered on this universe fragment was almost the same.

Zhong Liang stated in a heavy voice, “How could it be so easy to take down an Army of over 200,000 Black Ink Clansmen? It would take an Army to end this battle quickly, but if we win, our Western Army would have made a great contribution!” F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Feng Ying could only sigh, “Martial Uncle, you are really amazing!”

Zhong Liang proudly smiled, “Of course.”

However, she didn’t know that in order to grab this chance from the other three Army Commanders, Zhong Liang was nearly beaten to a pulp. In the end, it was the Old Ancestor who stepped in and gave the final verdict, allowing this good opportunity to fall into the Western Army’s hands.

But if he wanted to devour this Army of 200,000 enemies, there was a prerequisite.

And that was that the Royal Lord should not be anywhere nearby. Even if the Western Army had the ability to defeat the Black Ink Clan army of 200,000, they would still suffer heavy casualties if the Royal Lord made an appearance.

Because of this, the Old Ancestor had personally set out to investigate the current whereabouts of the Royal Lord to implement this plan.

“Contact Yang Boy somehow and ask him about the situation there. If the Black Ink Clan army moves, tell him to immediately report!” Zhong Liang ordered.

Feng Ying accepted the order, “Yes, Martial Uncle!”

Zhong Liang wasn’t worried about not being able to ambush the Black Ink Clan Army. If the Black Ink Clan wanted to attack Blue Sky Pass, they would have to pass through this area. Even if there was a slight change in their route, they would not deviate too far, and so long as they passed through here, the Western Army had the confidence to devour them all.

Naturally, Yang Kai was completely oblivious to Blue Sky Pass’ grand plan.

At this moment, he was considering whether to join up with Dawn or continue to act alone.

In the last battle, he had killed over 1,000 Black Ink Clansmen, while less than half had fled back. Presumably, the Black Ink Clan Army was already aware of his abilities, so if he were to provoke them again, he might not be able to gain anything. Also, the fact that a Territory Lord had secretly been spying on him made Yang Kai a little uneasy.

Nonetheless, Yang Kai soon made up his mind.

He decided to continue provoking them.

It would be great if he could enrage the 200,000-strong army into attacking Blue Sky Pass in advance, but even if he could not, it was not a big deal. Even if the Territory Lords made a move, he could use the Space Beacon to return to Dawning Light in an instant.

At the very least, he would have reaped something, thought Yang Kai.

However, by the time he arrived at the place where the Black Ink Clan army was stationed, the situation had changed far beyond his expectations.

At this moment, the giant universe fragment was shrouded in thick Black Ink Clouds, making it impossible to see what was happening inside.

[What the Hell is the Black Ink Clan doing?]

Yang Kai was filled with confusion. These Black Ink Clouds were obviously created by the Black Ink Clan on purpose. Had it been there before, it could be said that the Territory Lords were trying to conceal their troop numbers, but since he had already obtained intelligence about the Black Ink Clan Army, it was pointless to conceal it further.

[Isn’t this equal to taking off pants just to fart? Is this really necessary?]

Yang Kai couldn’t guess the Black Ink Clan’s intentions, so all he could do was continue provoking them.

“That Human really came again!”

As soon as Yang Kai appeared, the Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen immediately reported to their higher-ups; thus, the Territory Lords quickly learned of this.

“Follow the plan! The Humans have been treating us like idiots, let’s teach them a harsh lesson this time!”