Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5143, 100 Year Plan

Ezoic

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“How much longer can it last?” Yang Kai asked.

Miao Fei Ping immediately replied, “10 breaths at most!”

After 10 breaths, the Protective Array would be broken, and Dawning Light would have no protection at all. His more than 30 Squad members would be exposed to the Black Ink Clan’s attacks, and it was difficult to say if they could survive such an onslaught.

Ezoic

“Understood!” Yang Kai replied, and instead of expanding the battle further, he quietly fished out the Control Jade, silently pushing his power in preparation to activate it.

Yang Kai was not the only one who did this; all the other Squad Leaders did the same.

Above the battlefield, the Royal Lord hid in a Black Ink Cloud and looked down from above.

As a Royal Lord, his senses were extremely sharp. He could sense that the Humans’ behaviour was a bit unusual. The other Black Ink Clansmen may not have noticed it since they were too focused on their own fights, but he did; after all, he had an overview of the whole situation.

The Human Squads seemed to be splitting the battlefield. Since the beginning of the battle, the Humans avoided moving around and did not seem eager to kill the enemy. This was very different from previous battles.

Ezoic

[The Humans must be up to something!] The Royal Lord had a bad feeling about the situation and felt that the Humans had some kind of scheme. Every Black Ink Clansman had experienced how sly and cunning these Humans were at some point in time.

He was not worried about himself. Before absolute power, all plots and schemes were futile; however, he could not act at will. The aura of the old ghost from Blue Sky Pass was locked on him. If he struck out, he might show an opening and would be hit hard by that old ghost. At their Realm, it would be a huge problem if that happened; therefore, he could not give the Human Old Ancestor this opportunity.

[Still, what are the Humans up to?]

The answer would soon be revealed.

Just as Dawning Light’s shields were about to fail, a Divine Sense transmission in the battlefield exploded in the ears of every Human, “Now!”

Ezoic

It was Zhong Liang’s voice!

Yang Kai, who had been prepared for this, did not hesitate. He pushed the power of the jade in his hand, and it shone with a profound light.

The light shot into empty space and dissipated; however, immediately afterwards, a huge black hole suddenly appeared and rapidly expanded.

In that area, whether it was Dawn or the Black Ink Clansmen, none of them had time to react. The black hole enveloped the surrounding area, and although the Black Ink Clan noticed something bad was happening and wanted to get away, they could not overcome the powerful suction force.

The black hole expanded to its limits in just three breaths of time; then, as quickly as it appeared, it collapsed in on itself and disappeared.

Ezoic

Also disappearing was Dawn Squad and the 3,000 or 4,000 Black Ink Clansmen nearby!

This not only happened to Dawn, but to every Human Squad on the entire battlefield outside Blue Sky Pass. Such scenes repeated one after another. Black holes appeared rapidly, expanded, and then disappeared with all the nearby Humans and Black Ink Clansmen.

As soon as these black holes appeared, the Royal Lord knew exactly why he felt so uneasy.

The Humans actually laid a large number of traps outside Blue Sky Pass. The origin of these traps was the Universe Paradises and the Universe Cave Heavens left behind after the death of the Humans Open Heaven Realm Masters over the years.

The Universe Paradises and Universe Cave Heavens expanded into huge black holes when they were suddenly opened, and perhaps because of Spirit Arrays, they collapsed back and sucked in all the nearby Humans and Black Ink Clansmen.

Ezoic

The Royal Lord could never have imagined that something left behind by a dead person could still have such an effect.

The Black Ink Clan had never encountered such a tactic before, so it was certain that this was something new that the Humans set up in the last 100 years.

But if the Humans could do something like this, why hadn’t they done so before? Why wait until now? The Royal Lord could not figure it out. He only knew that he could still not act right now, even though the losses were most likely going to be catastrophic.

With his strength, he was capable of stopping this. From the appearance of the huge black holes to their disappearances, a few breaths of time would pass. Those who were caught were powerless to resist, but the Royal Lord could have saved them.

However, he did not dare to do so; after all, the Human Old Ancestor was intensely focused on him, like a predator that could lash out at any moment and deal him a fatal blow.

Thus, he could only watch as the Army under his command was devoured, one by one by the numerous black holes.

“Hmph!” In the Inner Sanctum, the Old Ancestor snorted in displeasure. The Royal Lord was truly tolerant. He would rather watch the Black Ink Clan Army suffer than risk his safety.

However, the overall situation had been decided. Blue Sky Pass would definitely usher in a long period of peace, and in the meantime, the Black Ink Clan could only cower in a corner.

The original battlefield suddenly became empty after the sudden appearance and collapse of the black holes. There were some lucky Black Ink Clansmen who did not get caught of course, but they were left confused and disoriented, not sure what to do now.

Ezoic

Without waiting for them to figure it out, powerful Secret Techniques and artifacts shelled them from the four walls, causing them to scurry for cover.

Dawning Light quietly hovered in the air while the thousands of Black Ink Clansmen that were gathered up by Yang Kai’s Space Principles had disappeared.

However, Yang Kai knew that all those Black Ink Clan troops were in this Sealed World, just scattered about. All Dawn needed to do was to find them and kill them one by one.

“Is this a Universe Cave Heaven?” Feng Ying looked around and began to ponder.

Yang Kai nodded lightly, “En, it’s a Universe Cave Heaven. I don’t know which Senior left it.”

Feng Ying understood, “The 100-year plan is finally being used, huh? Is this what you guys were gathering for?”

The content of that gathering held by Zhong Liang was not revealed to Feng Ying and the others. The existence of such an important plan involving the peace of Blue Sky Pass for the next 1,000 years had to be kept a tight secret. Feng Ying certainly understood this.

Nonetheless, the existence of these traps was well known; after all, the Inner Sanctum had spent 100 years and a lot of resources creating them. Every Universe Cave Heaven and Universe Paradise that could be used had a large number of Spirit Arrays arranged inside. Even then, it was still impossible to suck in all the Black Ink Clansmen on the battlefield.

Not only that, but each Universe Cave Heaven and Universe Paradise also had a Spirit Array at its entrance, which would send the Black Ink Clansmen being pulled in to random locations.

In other words, besides Dawn, which remained together, the Black Ink Clan that were brought in were scattered all over the place. Not only here, but also in the other Universe Paradises and Universe Cave Heavens. Thus, this gave the Human Squads the opportunity to kill them off, one by one.

Ezoic

After being pulled into such a space, the Black Ink Clansmen’s fate was already sealed.

It was time to hunt!

Yang Kai pushed his power into the jade in his hand. With the power of the Control Jade, he looked in a certain direction and said, “There are many Black Ink Clansmen gathering over there.”

Upon hearing this, the team member in charge of Dawning Light immediately made a slight adjustment to their heading and sailed the ship in the direction Yang Kai had indicated.

Although the Black Ink Clansmen were randomly distributed within this Universe Cave Heaven, there would always be some that were lucky enough to quickly gather together. This was also because Yang Kai had rounded up some 4,000 Black Ink Clansmen this time.

Right now, there were several dozens of Black Ink Clansmen gathered together in the spot Yang Kai pointed out. They were naturally confused when they suddenly appeared in such a strange place and could not understand what had happened.

One Feudal Lord vaguely guessed that this place should be a Small Universe that was left behind when an Open Heaven Realm Human died in the past.

He was thinking that no matter what had happened, he should gather more of his clansmen first. Only if he gathered enough power would he have a chance to break out of the Humans’ plot.

At that moment, he suddenly felt something and turned his head to look in a certain direction. To his horror, he saw a Human Warship speeding towards them.

The Feudal Lord was shocked as he yelled, “It’s that Human Squad!”

Ezoic

On the battlefield, battles were mostly dominated by Human Warships. Now that both Humans and their Warship had been sucked into this place, it spelled their doom!

Hundreds of Black Ink Clansmen on the battlefield would find it hard to defeat a Human Warship, so now there were only a trivial few dozen of them, they would certainly be like appetizers served up on a platter.

The Feudal Lord was quick to understand what was going to happen, so as soon as he saw Dawning Light, he immediately fled in the opposite direction.

But, how could he escape? Dawning Light’s speed had been pushed to the limit in order to ruthlessly kill all the nearby Black Ink Clansmen as soon as possible.

Before the Warship even arrived, powerful attacks were launched and the Black Ink Clansmen fell in droves.

The Feudal Lord was still running wildly when he suddenly felt a figure flash by his side. He turned his head to look and saw a Human youth looking at him with a smile, who then said, “Die early and you’ll be reborn early, why struggle so much?”

As he spoke, the youth summoned a long spear into his hand and with a simple thrust, it swept towards him.

The Feudal Lord was frightened to death and wanted to resist, but no matter what he did, he could not avoid this spear tip as it seemed to seal off the space around him as it approached.

The huge figure exploded mid-air into a bloody black mist. Yang Kai then dashed back and pointed in another direction, “That way!” Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

With the Control Jade in his hand, the Black Ink Clansmen hiding in the Universe Cave Heaven were like fireflies in the dark night, unable to hide from his detection regardless of how much they tried.

Ezoic

Dawn swiftly hunted down and killed the scattered enemies, meeting little to no resistance.

If the 4,000 Black Ink Clansmen that were swept into this place could gather together, it would be difficult for the Dawning Light to deal with them; however, now that these Black Ink Clansmen were scattered, even if some managed to regroup, there were not many of them. Thus, it was difficult for them to resist Dawn’s assault.

One by one, the Black Ink Clan fell, with Dawning Light almost never stopping, simply killing as it flew around.

This Universe Cave Heaven was not small in area, but it only took Dawn an hour to ruthlessly slaughter all the Black Ink Clansmen that were rounded up by Yang Kai.

During this time, the auxiliary Killing and Trapping Arrays that Blue Sky Pass had set up in advance in this Universe Cave Heaven were not even used; otherwise, it could have been even easier.

After using the power of the Control Jade to search the entire Universe Cave Heaven and ensure that there were no more Black Ink Clansmen left, Yang Kai opened up the portal and led Dawn out.