Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5157, Evil Purging Diving Spear
Translator: Silavin & Pia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai also did not know who had captured the Feudal Lord, who was bound here. Nonetheless, it was easy to tell that the one who captured this Feudal Lord must have been an Eighth-Order Master.

Moreover, since the old man’s research involved Purifying Light, which would be of great benefit to the Human Race if it was successful, he was definitely being supported by Zhong Liang and the other Army Commanders.

Yang Kai was also looking forward to it; after all, if Grandmaster Ma Fan’s research was successful, the Human Race would gain a powerful weapon against the Black Ink Clan. It might even be able to disrupt the current stalemate!

The war on the Black Ink Battlefield had raged on for countless years, with neither side having a decisive advantage.

The Human Race relied on their Great Passes and Warships to resist the attacks of the Black Ink Clan, making it difficult for them to break through and invade the 3,000 Worlds.

Meanwhile, although the Black Ink Clan always suffered heavy losses after each major war, the Humans could not completely weed them out since as long as they had enough Black Ink Nests and resources, they could quickly restore their numbers and find a chance to make a comeback.

This was how the Black Ink Battlefield had maintained its balance for countless years.

Yang Kai’s arrival broke this pattern to a certain extent. He brought Purifying Light, Universe Arrays, and Purifying Black Ink Pills. These had allowed Blue Sky Pass enough leeway to launch a crusade and achieve something that countless ancestors could only dream of.

Even so, currently, the crusade was at an impasse. They had reached another deadlock. Under the increasingly tough resistance of the Black Ink Clan, they could no longer move forward.

The arrival of Grandmaster Ma Fan might be able to break the pattern again; of course, his research was still only in its early stages.

Technically, there were a lot of Artifact Refining Great Grandmasters in the Human Race; in fact, every Great Pass had at least two to three of them. Furthermore, in terms of Artifact Refining skills, Grandmaster Ma Fan was only on par with them, with no one being better than the other.

The key difference was in their way of thinking and overall perspective. He was given a problem and had a different way of seeing it from the other Artifact Refining Great Grandmasters, especially since he had just arrived at the Black Ink Battlefield.

In the old man’s own words, the Artifact Refining Great Grandmasters stuck in the Black Ink Battlefield have lived far too long following the same pattern, so all they thought about was defence. Thus, they were extremely focused on methods to make the Mobile Palace Artifacts and Warships more durable and how to reduce the losses of human soldiers.

He was different though. Although he was definitely old, he could be said to be a rookie here; thus, he had the vigour and determination of a newcomer. From his perspective, the best defence was a good offence! After all, no matter how strong or tough the walls were, there was no point if they could not eradicate the Black Ink Clan.

It was precisely this unique perspective that gave birth to the idea of developing the Evil Purging Divine Spear.

Of course, it also had something to do with Yang Kai showing him Purifying Light while guiding and teaching the newcomers upon their initial arrival. At that time, Yang Kai had said something which he may not have realised had become deeply ingrained in Grandmaster Ma Fan’s heart.

‘Purifying Light is the greatest nemesis of Black Ink Strength!’

If it was the nemesis of Black Ink Strength, why not find ways to further utilise it? Since Purifying Light could only be cast by Yang Kai, Ma Fan wanted to further strengthen it by using an artifact. This would allow it to be used offensively.

With this in mind, the Evil Purging Divine Spear came into being.

This was also strongly supported by Zhong Liang and the others; in fact, the Feudal Lord imprisoned here was captured by Zhong Liang himself. Furthermore, this was not the first Feudal Lord that had been captured. Before this, there were plenty of other Feudal Lords, but they had eventually been killed as the old man continued his research.

“Come, come. The same old thing. This version of the Evil Purging Divine Spear has been improved by this Old Master after much careful consideration. Seal some Purifying Light inside.” Grandmaster Ma Fan said, handing the long artifact in his hand to Yang Kai.

Yang Kai took a look at it and nodded, “En. I hope it won’t be like last time. It exploded before I could even use it.”

The Evil Purging Divine Spear was meant to be used against the Black Ink Clan, so it needed him to seal Purifying Light in it just like how he originally sealed Purifying Light in the Purifying Black Ink Battleships.

However, the Purifying Black Ink Battleships were huge, and they had many Spirit Arrays, which were all properly arranged for different purposes. Thus, it was not that difficult to seal Purifying Light inside of them.

The Evil Purging Divine Spear was very different. This artifact was only three meters long, but it not only had to seal Purifying Light inside, it also had to increase its lethality. This required great Artifact Refining skills and was something only an Artifact Refining Great Grandmaster like Ma Fan could do. The difficulty of accomplishing this was further proven when he, even after so long, had not succeeded.

Every time during the experiment, there would always be some kind of problem, which would lead to the result being unsatisfactory. Last time was the most ridiculous. Yang Kai had just sealed Purifying Light inside the spear, when it exploded. At that time, all kinds of burnt materials splattered across Yang Kai’s face, making it black like coal, while all his hair had been sticking up after being blown away. Even the old man could not stop himself from laughing at the comical scene.

This time, Yang Kai brought up that incident again, and Grandmaster Ma Fan immediately glared at him, “It’ll be fine! Why would it not? Brat, you’re so long-winded. Look. You already know that if this succeeds, we will be famous. Our names will go down in history and will last forever. At that time, we can basically take half the credit for eradicating the Black Ink Clan.”

They had been getting along with each other for many years and knew each of their backgrounds and personalities. So, they hardly had any scruples when speaking with each other.

Yang Kai naturally knew the importance of the Evil Purging Divine Spear, so he stopped talking about it and began casting Purifying Light while holding the Evil Purging Divine Spear.

Under normal circumstances, once Purifying Light had been cast, unless Yang Kai deliberately suppressed it, it would slowly dissipate; after all, strictly speaking, Purifying Light was just a form of energy that appeared as white light.

Under Yang Kai’s control though, the dazzling white light slowly poured into the Evil Purging Divine Spear. The spear contained a small storage space, which Grandmaster Ma Fan improved upon after carefully studying the various Spirit Arrays in the Purifying Black Ink Battleship.

The Feudal Lord, who was bound not too far away, suddenly became restless. His eyes were round as he stared at the deadly white light, madly struggling to escape. It was evident that his eyes were filled with horror.

Purifying Light was the nemesis of Black Ink Strength, so although this Feudal Lord didn’t know what the white light was, he instinctively felt threatened by it.

Both Yang Kai and Grandmaster Ma Fan were not surprised by this situation as every Feudal Lord who had been captured before reacted the same way when they saw Purifying Light.

But, their minds were completely focused on the Evil Purging Divine Spear at the moment.

Under the close attention of two pairs of eyes, the Purifying Light slowly disappeared without a trace, completely pouring into the Evil Purging Divine Spear. When the light disappeared entirely, Grandmaster Ma Fan heaved a sigh of relief.

[Success! It did not explode this time! The improvements I’ve taken so long to make have finally paid off. Now, it’s time to test the efficacy of the Evil Purging Divine Spear!]

It was not easy to refine this spear, and even though it is only three metres long, it consumed a lot of precious materials. It also took Grandmaster Ma Fan a lot of effort to produce. All kinds of problems encountered during its development were solved by him alone, as he had never asked for help from others.

He couldn’t get help either; after all, the other Artifact Refiners had their own tasks and no one had the time or energy to help him.

Grandmaster Ma Fan looked up at Yang Kai, “Will you be the one that does it, or me?”CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Yang Kai checked the Evil Purging Divine Spear and said, “I’ll do it.”

Grandmaster Ma Fan gave a nod and his hand seals changed. The Spirit Array in the secret room flickered, and the binding power suddenly disappeared.

The Feudal Lord, who had been bound to the pillar, had been struggling the whole time. Naturally, it was futile with the restraint of the Spirit Arrays, but immediately after Grandmaster Ma Fan released the restraints, the Feudal Lord took action.

There was no way out of this secret room, so the Feudal Lord only had one choice, which was to pounce on Yang Kai and Grandmaster Ma Fan.

The Black Ink Strength madly surged and turned into a mass of black mist that enveloped him. He then moved as swiftly as the wind.

With a faint boom, the Feudal Lord let out a pained scream as a figure rushed at him and struck him with a powerful force.

The Feudal Lord noticed there was a sharp pain in his abdomen, and when he looked down to check, his pupils suddenly shrank

He did not know when, but there was now a spear lodged into his abdomen, the same one the two Humans were mulling over before.

For Feudal Lords, such an injury was not considered light, but it was not considered fatal either; thus, as long as they had enough time, they could restore themselves.

But the terror in the Feudal Lord’s eyes at this moment was thick and overflowing. He sensed that from the spear, a mysterious energy was suddenly spreading out. It poured into his body, and quickly dissolved the foundation of his power.

The Feudal Lord was horrified. He thought back to what he had seen before and knew that it must have been that dazzling white light which had made him feel uneasy.

Reaching out his hand, he ruthlessly pulled the spear out of his body, causing black blood to freely splatter around.

He wanted to urge his Black Ink Strength to stop the flow of blood spilling and seal his wound; however, he could not stimulate it to heal his wound at all! The mysterious energy lingered in the wound, like maggots on rotting bones, dispersing any Black Ink Strength he tried to condense there. Worse, it was also eating away at his strength. Looking down, he could even see a dazzling white light blooming from inside the wound.

“Kill me and you can go free!” Yang Kai shouted and rushed forward to punch the Feudal Lord.

The Feudal Lord gritted his teeth and fought back, exchanging blows with Yang Kai.

He didn’t know if what this Human said was true, but regardless, he could not sit still and wait to die. After all, he was a proud Black Ink Clansman who had become a Feudal Lord. He was resilient and would not give up hope so easily.

However, his own situation was worse than he had thought. Under the erosion of the mysterious energy, his strength had plummeted, and no matter how hard he tried, it was difficult for him to exert much of his strength.

After half an hour, the Feudal Lord fell to the ground panting. His face was strangely pale, and the huge gap in strength between him and his enemy made him no longer want to resist. Even so, he was unwilling to die here in total ignorance; thus, he looked at Yang Kai and indignantly asked, “What kind of power is that?”

Yang Kai looked down at him, his expression unfazed, “Us Humans have been fighting against your Black Ink Clan for countless years, and the situation has not changed much in all that time. Neither side holds a clear advantage, so it is obvious that you are not stronger than us. Instead, all you rely on is your Black Ink Strength. Tell me. Without it, what are you? Simple, you are nothing.”