Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5176, Two Kinds of Evil Purging Divine Spears

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Of over 100 Open Heaven Realm Masters who had come from his Small Universe, four of them could cultivate the Dao of Space, three could cultivate the Dao of Time, and as many as 20 could cultivate the Spear Dao.

Some people also displayed extraordinary talent in Alchemy and Artifact Refining, which was definitely related to Yang Kai’s attainments in the two Grand Daos. Although the Dao Essences of Alchemy and Artifact Refining were not as rich as his three main Grand Daos, they were still plentiful. If a cultivator who lived and grew up in Yang Kai’s Small Universe was naturally gifted in these Daos, it would be very easy for him or her to comprehend the mysteries contained within these Dao Essences.

Overall, the future cultivation path of the disciples of his Small Universe was somewhat related to the Grand Daos he himself dabbled in. Such a proportion was already quite impressive.

Yang Kai had no intention of accepting any more Disciples. To him, Zhao Ye Bai, Zhao Ya, and Xu Yi were more than enough.

Not to mention, the Dao of Space and Dao of Time were both extremely unorthodox Grand Daos. Ordinary cultivators would find them extremely difficult to even gain a basic understanding of them, let alone cultivate them. Even the Spear Dao was not the easiest to master.

However, many of the cultivators from Yang Kai’s Small Universe were inherently able to cultivate these two Grand Daos. This was one of the reasons why the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters valued these disciples.

During Blue Sky Pass’ crusade, Yang Kai’s Universe Arrays played a huge role, but Yang Kai was just one person. So, Blue Sky Pass’ success was difficult to replicate in other Theatres.

Be that as it may, if these talented disciples succeeded in cultivating the Grand Dao of Space, they would definitely be able to play a great role in the future.

Whether it was the Dao of Space or the Dao of Time, basically no one in the entire Blue Sky Pass could teach them besides Yang Kai, but Yang Kai had no time to give these disciples personal guidance at all times. As such, he had engraved his insights on these two Grand Daos and many related Secret Techniques onto jade slips and offered them to the War Materials Hall over a century ago.

If anyone needed to cultivate these two Grand Daos in the future, they could acquire this knowledge by spending Military Merits in the War Materials Hall.

Although Blue Sky Pass had not faced any battle in a long time, it was still easy for cultivators to earn some Military Merits. They could obtain them by mining resources, going out on patrol, or assisting in Alchemy and Artifact Refining, so there was no need to worry about their future cultivation.

Of course, if Yang Kai had free time on his hands and was in a good mood, he would summon these disciples to teach them. In the past two centuries, Yang Kai had given two lectures, one on the Dao of Space and one on the Dao of Time, allowing these disciples to reap great benefits.

All in all, since Yang Kai had already arranged things for the disciples coming out of his Small Universe, he did not need to rack his brain and waste any more effort. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

After returning to Blue Sky Pass through the Universe Array, Yang Kai immediately went to report to the Eastern Army Headquarters.

Ding Yao didn’t say anything to him and simply asked his adjutant to lead him to a storage room.

Although he already knew what to expect, Yang Kai still could not help but gasp in shock at the sight before him. There was nothing else in the secret room but piles and piles of Evil Purging Divine Spears.

By a rough count, there were at least a few dozen piles in here, and if there were a few hundred Evil Purging Divine Spears in each pile, that would mean there were at least 10 or 20 thousand in total.

Yang Kai felt his face twitch as he muttered, “So many.”

The adjutant smiled and stated, “Junior Brother, sorry to trouble you, but this matter can only be handled by you. No one else can do this.”

Yang Kai nodded, “I understand,” He then asked, “Is everything here?”

The adjutant replied, shaking his head, “Most of them are here, but some Passes still haven’t sent their batch yet. They should be coming soon.”

“En,” Yang Kai resigned to his fate.

The adjutant bid his leave, “Then, I’ll take my leave first.”

After he left, Yang Kai began examining these Evil Purging Divine Spears. Very soon, he discovered the number of Evil Purging Divine Spears in each pile differed, ranging from 200 to 300.

Furthermore, there was an empty Space Ring in front of each pile, marked with a specific Great Pass’ name. Seeing this, Yang Kai understood that each pile of Evil Purging Divine Spear corresponded to a different Pass.

After sealing the Purifying Light into the Evil Purging Divine Spears, he still had to store them back into the Space Ring and send them back through the Hyper Space Array.

Refining the Evil Purging Divine Spear apparently wasn’t easy. It had been five years since the Evil Purging Divine Spear was successfully tested on Hong Hu.

In five years, even after mobilizing every Artifact Refiner in an entire Great Pass, they had only managed to refine 200 to 300 Evil Purging Divine Spears. One could only imagine how long it would take to refine each of these artifacts.

Grandmaster Ma Fan had once mentioned casually that it would take at least a year for an Artifact Refining Great Grandmaster to refine an Evil Purging Divine Spear; after all, this was a weapon that would be used to deal with Black Ink Clan Territory Lords, so its requirements for Artifact Refining were extremely harsh. The slightest mistake would cause the entire refining to fail.

In other words, an Artifact Refining Great Grandmaster could only refine one artifact a year at most, and this was under the premise that everything went smoothly. If he failed once or twice, it would be normal for him to refine only one in a few years.

How many Artifact Refining Grandmasters could a Great Pass have? Blue Sky Pass had three, so it was reasonable to assume that most other Passes had a similar number. Under the presumption that there was no failure in refining, the number of Evil Purging Divine Spear a Pass could refine in 5 years was still only 10 to 15.

In fact, it might be even less than half of it; after all, the chances of failure were high when refining an unfamiliar artifact.

Ergo, Yang Kai was puzzled how each Pass was able to refine between 200 and 300 in just half a decade. Their quantity did not match his estimates and far exceeded his calculations.

But after he took a closer look, realization dawned upon Yang Kai.

These Evil Purging Divine Spears were divided into two categories. One matched the specs that had been successfully tested on Hong Hu. These were the Evil Purging Divine Spear that could reduce a Territory Lord’s strength by more than 20%, while the other had the specs that had been tested on the Feudal Lord a long time ago and could reduce such a Master’s strength by around 30% while having minimal effect on Territory Lords.

The latter was slightly longer than the former, and their refining technique was obviously cruder. According to Yang Kai’s estimations, the latter didn’t require an Artifact Refining Great Grandmaster to refine, as long as one’s skills had reached the Artifact Refining Grandmaster level, they could make one.

By the looks of it, Blue Sky Pass had shared the methods of refining both Evil Purging Divine Spears with the other Passes, who subsequently refined both types.

Obviously, there was a deeper consideration for doing this.

Territory Lords were equivalent to Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, who were the cornerstones of their respective race. The Humans would need to use the Evil Purging Divine Spears refined by the Great Grandmasters in order to deal with Territory Lords, but it was quite difficult to refine such Evil Purging Divine Spears so the output was not high. Furthermore, it would be an overkill to use such a weapon against a Feudal Lord.

And so, the Evil Purging Divine Spear refined by the Artifact Refining Grandmasters would come in handy. These Evil Purging Divine Spears weren’t as powerful as the Territory Lord version, but their production rate was much higher, they were perfect for using it against Feudal Lords, who were much larger in number.

Yang Kai had no idea how the higher-ups of the Human Race categorized these Evil Purging Divine Spears, so for the time being, Yang Kai categorized the smaller number of Evil Purging Divine Spears refined by the Great Grandmasters as Heaven Grade, while the lower grade Evil Purging Divine Spears refined by the Grandmaster were Earth Grade.

Overall, the ratio of Earth to Heaven Grade Evil Purging Divine Spears was about 12:1.

What he needed to do now was infuse the Purifying Light into all these Evil Purging Divine Spears.

Looking at the piles before him, Yang Kai once again realized he had a long and toilsome task ahead of him!

Yang Kai sat down cross-legged before casually picking up an Evil Purging Divine Spear from the closest pile. After discerning its Grade, he enveloped it in Purifying Light. Just like before, the Purifying Light flowed into the Evil Purging Divine Spear like water under its influence and soon disappeared.

Because he had to take the Grade of the Evil Purging Divine Spears into consideration, when he infused the Purifying Light into the Heaven-Grade Evil Purging Divine Spear, Yang Kai chose higher quality Yellow and Blue Crystals. This way, the strength of the Purifying Light infused into it would be even greater, allowing the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters to deal with the Territory Lords more easily.

As for the Earth-grade spears, the quality of the Yellow and Blue Crystals he chose was slightly worse. In any case, they would only be used to deal with the Feudal Lords, so even if they were slightly weaker, it wouldn’t matter either.

Although Yang Kai wasn’t slow, he was unable to stand the sheer number of Evil Purging Divine Spears. It took him a few days to finish the pile closest to him, after which he picked up the Space Ring that was originally placed before the Evil Purging Divine Spears and stowed them into it.

Soon after, Blue Sky Pass sent these items back to the Great Pass corresponding to the Space Ring.

Days went by, and just when he was finished with a few dozen piles of Evil Purging Divine Spears, a few dozen rings carrying more Evil Purging Divine Spears were delivered to him.

Yang Kai kept toiling away, but considering that each Evil Purging Divine Spear could take the life of a Feudal Lord or even a Territory Lord, all the effort was well worth it.

By the time he was finished with the Evil Purging Divine Spears sent by all the Passes, over half a year had already gone by.

Afterwards, Yang Kai exited the secret room and went to report to the Eastern Army Headquarters.

Ding Yao didn’t say anything and just nodded slightly.

“This Junior has finished arming the Evil Purging Divine Spears, I will be returning to the forward base now,” Yang Kai reported. The forward base might not have faced any enemies for a long time, but they still needed to patrol occasionally.

“You don’t need to return to the forward base. Remain at Blue Sky Pass for now.”

Yang Kai was slightly taken aback, “Is there a new mission?”

Ding Yao shot a glance at him, “Are you hoping for a new mission?”

Yang Kai clucked his tongue as he defended himself, “No, no, nothing like that. Peace is best.”

Ding Yao waved him off impatiently as Yang Kai quickly excused himself.

Walking out of the Army Headquarters, a slight furrow appeared on Yang Kai’s brow. Ding Yao’s sudden order to stay at Blue Sky Pass was a bit confusing, but since it was an order, he could only comply.

Yang Kai returned to his residence, deactivated the restrictions and walked into the small courtyard. Just as he was about to use this opportunity to go into a retreat, he felt something amiss.

He looked around and noticed life auras coming from the rooms on either side of the courtyard.

[Someone is here?]

Yang Kai was confused, but after carefully sensing it, he discovered that the auras belonged to Feng Ying and Bai Yi.

[Wait. Why are they back?]