Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5186 - 5186, Many Eighth-Order Masters Join the Fight

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

If it were a one-on-one fight, this Royal Lord could easily hold his ground against an Old Ancestor, but if it were two against one, it would become an impossible fight to win, and if he was the slightest bit careless during the battle, he might even be killed.

That was why he knew he had to leave, and he was about to escape when he sensed the Old Ancestor aura from the former little girl.

But how could Wind and Cloud Pass’ Old Ancestor let him escape just like that? With all kinds of mysterious Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques at his disposal, he tied down the Royal Lord and stopped the latter from quickly escaping the battlefield.

During that slight moment of hindrance, the Yin-Yang Pass Old Ancestor was able to use the Yin-Yang Fish she condensed to envelop the Royal Lord. At that instant, the Yin and Yang Energy began to swirly, and the Universe seemed to invert. The Royal Lord felt as if an entire Universe World was suddenly pressing down on him, causing his knees to bend. Then, because of his slight moment of carelessness, he was hit by Yin-Yang Pass’ Old Ancestor hard, the terrifying explosion of power drawing a groan of pain from his lips.

When Yin-Yang Pass’ Old Ancestor arrived, it became two against one, and the Royal Lord was quickly overwhelmed.

The sudden appearance of another Human Old Ancestor terrified the Black Ink Clan Army, and all the Black Ink Clansmen on the battlefield stared in horror at the direction the Old Ancestor’s aura appeared from, hoping that it was just their imagination.

But they knew it wasn’t their imagination when they saw their Royal Lord being besieged by two Human Old Ancestors.

[The Humans really have another Old Ancestor!]

Terrified, the Black Ink Clan stopped attacking, and the once chaotic battlefield temporarily fell silent.

The Territory Lords were particularly frightened and secretly rejoiced that the newly appearing Old Ancestor did not seek them out and instead directly went to battle the Royal Lord.

Though the Royal Lord had to face two enemies at once, he was temporarily safe and didn’t need to fear for his life, but if the new Old Ancestor came and attacked the Territory Lords, none of them would be able to withstand more than three strikes from her. By then, many Territory Lords would be seriously injured if not killed.

Because of the sudden appearance of a second Old Ancestor, the Black Ink Clan Army lost all momentum, and just as the Territory Lords were hesitating about whether to continue the battle or retreat, all the main gates of Wind and Cloud Pass opened!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Human Warships sailed out in all directions and charged straight into the battlefield, quickly reinforcing the Wind and Cloud Pass soldiers.

Great Evolution’s two Armies had a combined might of 30,000 soldiers, and all of them charged into battle at once. Some 8,000 Masters dashed out from each gate and instantly doubled the strength of the Human Army battling against the Black Ink Clan.

The Black Ink Clansmen’s eyes bulged as the flood of Warships appeared from all directions.

What terrified them even more was the aura of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters that exploded into the air after the Warships arrived on the battlefield. The number of auras was so high that the Black Ink Clan soldiers felt despair.

50 Great Passes had sent troops to Wind and Cloud Pass, and although each one sent a different number of Eighth-Order Masters to escort these soldiers, the minimum number was 5 while some had sent as many as 10.

As such, when all the troops sent by the other Great Passes had gathered, the number of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters had reached a shocking 300 plus!

Among those over 300 Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, dozens of them had been appointed as Division Commanders of the newly formed Great Evolution’s Eastern and Western Armies and would be leading them to take back Great Evolution Pass.

As for the other 200 plus Eighth-Order Masters, they didn’t leave Wind and Cloud Pass immediately as they were waiting for this very moment.

How terrifying would it be when more than 300 new Eighth-Order Masters swarmed into the battlefield all at once?

The Black Ink Clan hadn’t dared to think about such a scenario before, but now they were witnessing it with their own eyes.

Their confidence was immediately crushed like dry weeds! Suddenly, the odds were absolutely against them!

The Territory Lords finally understood why the new Old Ancestor hadn’t come to find trouble with them. There was simply no need for her to.

The Old Ancestor had her own opponent, which was the Royal Lord, and the two Old Ancestors could easily suppress their opponent and if they were lucky, might even be able to kill him. In comparison with a few Territory Lords, of course, it was more valuable to kill a Royal Lord.

As for the Territory Lords, the swarm of Eighth-Order Masters would deal with them.

How many Territory Lords were there in the Wind and Cloud Theatre? While there might be a few more than in other Theatres, the number was definitely not higher than 90. With reinforcements from the Great Evolution Theatre, that number might reach as high as 100 Territory Lords. With that amount of Territory Lords, the Black Ink Clan had always had an advantage over the Eighth-Order Masters from Wind and Cloud Pass, but that balance was shattered today. What’s more, not all 100 Territory Lords were taking part in the siege as some of them naturally had to remain in the Black Ink Clan’s territory to stand guard and oversee the steady deployment of reinforcements.

The huge difference in strength between the two Armies made the Territory Lords immediately fall into a desperate struggle. When all of Great Evolution’s Eastern and Western Armies charged out of Wind and Cloud Pass, three to four Eighth-Order Masters were able to target each Territory Lord.

It only took a few breaths for the first Territory Lord aura to be extinguished! That unlucky Territory Lord just happened to be close to the very front of the Black Ink Army and was swiftly surrounded by five Eighth-Order Masters. He was killed on the spot without even being given a chance to defend himself.

The first Territory Lord’s demise was like a catalyst, and soon, the auras of Territory Lords were being snuffed out all across the battlefield.

Not only had the Territory Lords fallen into a desperate situation though, the Armies that belonged to those Territory Lords were all caught completely off guard by the sudden turn of events. The Humans were attacking so viciously, and their Army had dramatically increased in strength. This great change of fortunes made the Black Ink Clan’s originally advantageous situation fall into a complete rout. As the Warships sailed across the battlefield, swaths of Black Ink Clansmen were slaughtered.

All across the battlefield, large patches of void were wiped clean by powerful Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques or the offensive Arrays of the swarming Warships.

Since Great Evolution’s Eastern and Western Armies charged out of Wind and Cloud Pass, it only took them a cup of tea’s time to severely injure or kill countless Black Ink Clan soldiers and execute more than 10 Territory Lords. Though the rest of the Territory Lords weren’t dead, they were all in dire states and were at risk of perishing at any moment.

A long roar suddenly sounded throughout the void, and its sharp pitch seemed to echo right beside everyone’s ear.

That roar belonged to the Royal Lord. After he roared, rich Black Ink Strength erupted from his body and he turned into a black-coloured cloud before shooting away.

The Royal Lord had ordered a retreat and fled! He knew that if he stayed any longer, all the Territory Lords he brought to this battle would die. If they left now, they would surely suffer heavy casualties while being chased down, but at least some of them could survive. Moreover, the longer they delayed, the fewer of them would be able to escape. If things went particularly poorly, even the Royal Lord himself might not be able to leave with his life.

After so many years of battling each other, the Royal Lord knew the Wind and Cloud Pass’ Old Ancestor’s temperament and methods very well.

On the other hand, it was his first time battling the Yin-Yang Pass Old Ancestor, so he knew practically nothing about her capabilities. Moreover, the single Divine Ability she had shown today had already made him feel wary of her. He could still remember the painful feeling when that Yin-Yang Fish pressed down on him, slowing all his movements while seemingly grinding apart his body.

Unlike the Wind and Cloud Pass’ Old Ancestor, Yin-Yang Pass’ Old Ancestor’s attack wasn’t quick and penetrating, but instead longer lasting and difficult to grasp.

Now that these two Old Ancestors had banded together, their seemingly opposite methods complimented each other and compensated for what the other lacked.

Seeing the Royal Lord’s obvious attempt to escape, both Old Ancestors naturally wouldn’t let him go so easily.

“Trying to escape? In your dreams!” Yin-Yang Pass’ Old Ancestor mocked as her figure was engulfed in a stream of light and she raced after him like a shadow. At the same time, the Wind and Cloud Pass’ Old Ancestor was right behind the Royal Lord and was continuously launched a barrage of attacks at the fleeing enemy’s back.

While the three figures entangled with each other, they rapidly flew off into the distance.

On the other hand, right after the Royal Lord’s roar, one by one, the Territory Lords began to utilise their Life-Saving Techniques to try and escape from the battlefield.

But every Territory Lord had several Eighth-Order Masters surrounding them, so how could they escape that easily?

In the end, only about 20 Territory Lords managed to escape by using Secret Techniques that damaged their own foundations in exchange for bursts of strength and speed. As for those who failed, they were like cornered beasts that fought back wildly, despite knowing that death was inevitable!

After the Royal Lord and a couple dozen Territory Lords escaped from the battlefield, the already flailing Black Ink Clan Army lost all will to resist. Along with the increasing number of fallen Territory Lords, it was certain that they would soon be wiped out, so the surviving Black Ink Clansmen no longer even tried to fight back and only did everything they could to escape.

It was foreseeable that after this battle, the Black Ink Clan in Wind and Cloud Theatre would be beaten half to death, and the Wind and Cloud Pass would gain a similar period of peace to Blue Sky Pass and Yin-Yang Pass.

In the void to the East of Wind and Cloud Pass, Yang Kai had taken point with six other Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in a spearhead formation. Dawning Light took up position in the middle of this formation, while Bai Yi stood at the bow of the Warship with her longbow. The Squad had been rampaging across the vast battlefield like wild horses since the moment they emerged from Wind and Cloud Pass.

Everywhere Dawn passed, they would wipe out every last Black Ink Clansmen they came across. Working together, they were all but unstoppable, and no matter how many Black Ink Clansmen stood in front of them, none could even slow their momentum.

Ren Bing Bai was assigned to the rear left side of the formation. Since he joined Dawn, this was his first time fighting alongside Yang Kai and the others.

He and Yu Zi You had previously discussed in private how important it was for them to perform well this time; after all, they were both Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, so it would look bad if they didn’t show their mettle.

The two were originally a Squad Leader and Vice Squad Leader of a 10-man Squad, so they were well-versed in how to cooperate with a Warship to kill their enemies.

But after they followed Dawn into battle, they realised that all of their past experiences couldn’t be used in this Special Operations Squad.

They found themselves unable to make a big contribution on this chaotic and enemy-filled battlefield.

The entire Dawn Squad’s soul was on the man in the lead.

Feudal Lords were like chickens or dogs before him, and with every strike of his spear, he would kill such an enemy. Even if he didn’t manage to kill a Feudal Lord in one move, the other Seventh-Order Masters in the Squad only had to attack once more to end the enemy’s life.

It had not been long since they charged out of the Wind and Cloud Pass, but Yang Kai had already slaughtered more than 10 Feudal Lords!

And that was just the amount he had killed. There were even more that were injured.

Meanwhile, on the bow of Dawning Light, Bai Yi, who hailed from Divine Feather Paradise and had transcendent archery skills, would kill a Feudal Lord every time she drew her bow.

Though she didn’t attack frequently, every arrow she fired struck its target and greatly decreased the pressure Dawn was facing.

All the Arrays on the Warship also released their power continuously, taking aim at the largest groups of Black Ink Clansmen, causing severe casualties whenever they attacked.

To Ren Bing Bai, Dawn was like a red-hot knife cutting into butter, reducing every enemy that blocked their path to mist.