Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5187 - 5187, Army Marches Towards Great Evolution Pass

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

How much of a terrifying tacit understanding and astonishing efficiency in killing enemies did Dawn have?

Was this the heritage of a Special Operations Squad?

They had killed more than a dozen Feudal Lords and thousands of weaker Black Ink Clansmen in the time it took to burn half an incense stick.

In the past, Ren Bing Bai would never have dreamed about having such accomplishments, but he had witnessed this with his own eyes today.

He had killed a Feudal Lord in this battle, which was already a good result in the past because, according to their equivalence in Realm, a Feudal Lord was on par with a Seventh-Order Master; thus, it was not that easy for a Seventh-Order Human to kill a Feudal Lord.

However, when compared to Yang Kai’s gains, his were paltry.

Even the Feudal Lord he had just killed had already been heavily injured by Yang Kai; otherwise, it wouldn’t have been that easy for him.

Ren Bing Bai felt like he was taking advantage of Yang Kai while following behind him, and such a feeling made him not know whether to laugh or cry.

Under his observation though, not only was he like that, but the other Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters around the Warship were also in the same situation.

With Yang Kai, who was at the forefront, as the tip of the blade, the entire Squad became like a sharp knife, killing all the Black Ink Clansmen on the battlefield.

Ren Bing Bai felt a surge of pride. This is what a Special Operations Squad should be like. If a Special Operations Squad had the same level of difficulty in killing the enemy as an ordinary Squad, what kind of a Special Operations Squad would that be? Now he was also a member of a Special Operations Squad, the one leading the charge.

The Special Operations Squad’s advantage in having their own freedom to act was magnified to its absolute limit at this moment.

An ordinary Squad would only have 10 to 15 members, and in such a vast battlefield, it was very difficult for a single Squad to do much in the face of an enemy several times more numerous than themselves. Moreover, it was very likely that they would find themselves under the enemy’s besiegement if they moved independently.

Therefore, an ordinary Squad had to coordinate with other Squads on such a battlefield. The Squads under the same Battalion would have tactics and strategies they were familiar with to ensure their safety while killing as many enemies as possible.

Because of the need to coordinate with other Squads, there was also a certain degree of restraint, and it was impossible for them to act as freely as Dawn, who could go wherever they wanted.

Most Squads took a slow and steady approach to clearing the battlefield, but when it came to Dawn, though they had exited from the East Gate, they had moved around so much that they had almost killed their way to the South Gate and were now heading in the direction of the West Gate.

Dawn’s strategy had always been very straightforward, which was to hit and run. This strategy focused on mobility and prevented Dawn from being targeted by a powerful Master because of their conspicuous performance.

Of course, now that all Territory Lords on the battlefield were surrounded by Eighth-Order Masters, none of them had the time to keep an eye on Dawn. The Territory Lords were fleeing and dying, and those who still remained on the battlefield were struggling to live.

Yang Kai’s overwhelming combat strength was Dawn’s biggest guarantee to ensure that they could still effectively kill their enemies while maintaining such high mobility.

Without interference from the Territory Lords, the strongest enemies that Dawn had to face were the Feudal Lords; however, Yang Kai could basically deal with Feudal Lords with one thrust of his spear, and if he didn’t manage to kill them with his initial attack, the other Seventh-Order Masters of Dawn would finish the job. Therefore, even if a Feudal Lord had managed to survive Yang Kai’s attack, they would soon be killed off by the others.

Years of crusade and hunting experience had led everyone in Dawn to develop a tacit understanding and the ability to work together seamlessly. Even if there was a Black Ink Clan Army blocking their way, they could use the artifacts and arrays on Dawning Light to easily tear through them.

As time passed, the Black Ink Clan Army on the battlefield was wiped out, and the pressure on all the Squads decreased.

During a certain moment, Yang Kai suddenly stopped, and following in his footsteps, Dawning Light and the other Seventh-Order Masters of Dawn all stopped together.

Ren Bing Bai was a little confused as to why Yang Kai had suddenly stopped, but after turning his head and looking around, he was surprised to find that the battle was already over.

90% of the Black Ink Clan Army that had been swarming outside Wind and Cloud Pass before had been killed while the rest were desperately trying to flee, leaving scattered pieces of flesh and broken limbs everywhere throughout the void.

[It’s over?] Ren Bing Bai was taken aback. The end came so quickly. It felt like only a few hours had passed.

Wind and Cloud Pass had been under siege by the Black Ink Clan Army for some 20 years yet could only maintain a defensive posture, but once the Great Evolution Eastern and Western Armies joined in, everything was over in the blink of an eye.

The Black Ink Clan Army that attacked Wind and Cloud Pass was quite massive, and under normal circumstances, even if they were defeated while battling the Humans, they wouldn’t have suffered such heavy casualties.

However, the Humans caught them unawares. Firstly, it was the sudden appearance of Yin-Yang Pass’ Old Ancestor, who cooperated with the Wind and Cloud Pass’ Old Ancestor to corner the Royal Lord. Then, it was followed by hundreds of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters appearing on the battlefield, catching the Territory Lords by surprise and beating them to the point where they couldn’t fight back. A short while later, following the demise of many Territory Lords, the Black Ink Clan’s morale hit rock bottom.

When the Royal Lord and Territory Lords fled, the Black Ink Clan Army was at a loss for what to do.

The Humans had a huge advantage with so many powerful Masters on their side, which was the fundamental reason why the battle ended so quickly.

In fact, when the Royal Lord and Territory Lords started to flee, the Black Ink Clan Army had already lost all will to fight.

However, the Human Army’s pursuit made it impossible for them to escape even if they wanted to, which eventually led to the annihilation of almost the entire Black Ink Clan Army.

There were no cheers or celebrations from the Humans as it was only to be expected that they won such an overwhelming victory given their luxurious lineup.

After the battle, the Human Army silently gathered together and regrouped.

Half an hour later, Great Evolution’s Eastern and Western Armies assembled at the East Gate of Wind and Cloud Pass. The 30,000 soldiers had naturally fewer losses during the battle, but the casualties were minimal. The soldiers were somewhat spent and needed time to recuperate, however, and some of their Warships were also damaged in the fight. Still, those weren’t much of a problem as they had many Artifact Refiners, Alchemists, Array Masters, and other support personnel following the Army to Great Evolution Pass. While they were on the move, those Artifact Refiners had ample time to repair the damage those Warships had suffered.

Soon, all the Divisions and Battalions had finished gathering their troops.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The motivation of all the soldiers was boosted to the peak because of the great task that lay before them.

Without stopping, the 30,000-strong Army immediately turned towards Great Evolution Pass, and Xiang Shan gave the order, “Set sail!”

In a flash, Division by Division, one Warship after another sailed in the direction of Great Evolution Pass. With 30,000 men and nearly 2,000 Warships, they formed a mighty fleet!

Yang Kai had no idea what the higher-ups had planned, but with such a large-scale lineup, there would certainly need to be a distribution of forces and overall strategy, but that wasn’t something he needed to worry about because the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters would make those decisions.

Since Dawn did not have any special tasks, they simply gathered together with the other Warships and moved together.

Back at Wind and Cloud Pass, after the Army set out, the tens of thousands of soldiers who remained saw them off solemnly until the Great Evolution Eastern and Western Armies disappeared from sight. Following that, they returned to the Inner Sanctum, and those Eighth-Order Masters who escorted soldiers from the other Great Passes to Wind and Cloud Pass began returning.

While the Army moved forward, the members from each Squad took turns to rest and recuperate, and the Artifact Refiners got to work, heading over to the Warships that had been damaged in the battle and repairing them carefully.

On the other hand, Dawn Squad suffered almost no damage and were simply recuperating on their own.

After only half a day’s travel though, a man suddenly appeared, landed on the deck, looked around, and bellowed, “Where is the Squad Leader for this Warship?”

Yang Kai, who was on the deck, turned his head and looked over to find that the visitor was a fellow Seventh-Order Master whom he did not recognise and did not know the origins of.

Immediately, Yang Kai cupped his fist and said, “I am the Squad Leader. Does Senior Brother have any orders to relay?”

The Seventh-Order Master replied, “By order of the two Army Commanders, the Squad members here are to report to the Purifying Black Ink Battleship and leave their Imprints behind.” While saying so, he pointed his finger in a specific direction.

Yang Kai was surprised, “Did the Army Commanders bring a Purifying Black Ink Battleship with them?”

He then moved his fingers and partially activated the Universe Transference Law, which allowed him to sense a vague connection coming from that direction.

Since it was a Purifying Black Ink Battleship, it naturally had a Universe Array that Yang Kai had personally arranged to board it. No matter where the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was brought from, Yang Kai would be able to sense a connection to it.

As he thought about it though, the Purifying Black Ink Battleships did play a huge role in all the Great Passes. Besides the Purifying Light that was sealed inside having the ability to purify Black Ink Strength, the Universe Array aboard was useful for soldiers to use as a return point when they found themselves in danger.

If the Humans wanted to recover Great Evolution Pass, bringing along a Purifying Black Ink Battleship was a given.

However, Yang Kai was a little confused because he could sense not one but two Universe Arrays when he activated the Universe Transference Law.

In other words, this fleet had two Purifying Black Ink Battleships!

It seemed like Xiang Shan not only brought one out from Blue Sky Pass, but Liu Zhi Ping also brought one out from Yin-Yang Pass.

There was no need for him to head over and leave his Imprint because he was the one who set up those Universe Arrays, so all of them had his Imprint already. However, the other members of the Squad had to go, just in case they needed it later.

“I’ve relayed the message. I have to inform the other Squads. Farewell!”

After the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master said so, he leapt off the Warship and rushed towards another nearby Warship to inform the other Squads one by one.

Though this method was time-consuming, there was no other way because an Open Heaven Realm Army lineup differed from a mortal army. Mortal armies travelled together as one unit, but Open Heaven Realm Masters moved quickly, and in order to avoid collisions in the void, Warships needed a fair amount of space between each other. For example, the closest Warship to Dawning Light was hundreds of kilometres away.

The Great Evolution Eastern and Western Armies had nearly 2,000 Warships and was thus spread out over a radius of several thousand kilometres, which for mortals was farther than the eye could see. However, for an Open Heaven Realm Master, it was just a matter of a few breaths to reinforce each other in battle.