Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5197, Come Take a Walk With Your Master

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Even if Ou Yang Lie went to scout in person, the Great Evolution Northern and Southern Armies would still have Mi Jing Lun in command, so nothing would go wrong. It was just that Ou Yang Lie could not be allowed to go alone. There was no saying what trouble he might cause with his violent temper otherwise.

For that reason, Mi Jing Lun said, “You should bring your Disciple with you, Brother Ou Yang. That way, you can send him back to inform us if you discover anything.”

Ou Yang Lie immediately turned to look at Mi Jing Lun, “What’s wrong? Are you afraid I might cause trouble? Are you trying to get my Disciple to watch over me?”

Mi Jing Lun burst out laughing, “How could I possibly dare to do something like that?”

Although he said that, it was obvious he had that exact intention in mind.

Ou Yang Lie considered the suggestion for a moment and coldly snorted, “Fine. I’ll bring him with me.”

Honestly speaking, Mi Jing Lun was not the only one who was worried that he might cause a ruckus, Ou Yang Lie was worried that he might cause a ruckus too. Under normal circumstances, his strength as an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would have prevented anything too troublesome from occurring even if he kicked up a storm; however, things were different this time. The Great Evolution Northern and Southern Armies had not gotten in touch with the Great Evolution Eastern and Western Armies, so they had yet to discuss their deployment strategy to retake Great Evolution Pass in detail. If he were to stir up trouble at this time, his actions would affect many other people as a whole. In the worst-case scenario, he might even disrupt the plans of the entire Army.

If he brought his Disciple along with him, then his Disciple would act as a constraint. Ou Yang Lie would first need to carefully weigh his actions before he caused any trouble.

“Brat, did you hear? Come take a walk with your Master.” He turned to look to the side.

There was a young man leaning against a nearby pillar, with his arms folded in front of his chest. The two Army Commanders and several Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Division Commanders in charge of deciding the movements of the Army were currently in deep discussion with each other. In contrast, this young man looked extremely bored and almost seemed as though he was about to fall asleep while listening to their discussion. He would yawn widely from time to time until his eyes were watery.

This young man was in the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, so logically speaking, his cultivation should have allowed him to break free from the constraints of ordinary mortals. It should be impossible for him to feel sleepy or yawn. Be that as it may, he not only yawned, but also yawned without stopping. He looked so drowsy that he might fall asleep at any moment.

Everybody else in the hall was in the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, and he was the only Seventh-Order Junior present.

Mi Jing Lun and the other Eighth-Order Masters were not surprised by this youth’s behaviour though. Rather, it could be said that they had long gotten accustomed to it.

Speaking of which, Ou Yang Lie and his Disciple were definitely a pair of weirdos. The Master had a fiery personality, and his general behaviour was rather impulsive even though he was an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Therefore, it was rather surprising for him to take in such a lazy Disciple who seemed so laid back and apathetic to almost everything.

Their personalities could be said to be complete opposites of each other, but Ou Yang Lie had very high expectations of this Disciple of his and usually spoiled him rotten. It was for these reasons that he always brought his Disciple along with him whenever he felt that he might act recklessly and get into trouble. That was because he would constantly remind himself to act extremely carefully so as not to cause any trouble when his Disciple was by his side; after all, his Disciple might also get dragged into the mess if he caused a ruckus!

The young man stared blankly ahead and yawned as usual. Meanwhile, Ou Yang Lie did not receive a reply to his question.

Mi Jing Lun smiled bitterly, [The bad habit of Brother Ou Yang’s Disciple, who cultivates the Divine Wandering, is another problem in itself! Is it really okay for the two of them to act together?]

“Martial Nephew Gong, your Master is speaking to you,” one of the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Division Commanders reminded helplessly.

“Disciple is awake!” Gong Lian hurriedly straightened up and lowered his head, “Honoured Master, what orders do you have for me?”

“Bullshit! What orders!?” Ou Yang Lie became impatient and walked out in large strides. When he walked by Gong Lian, he simply grabbed him by the scruff of his neck and dragged him along, “Come with me!”

Afterward, he left the Purifying Black Ink Battleship in quick steps, Ou Yang Lie’s voice drifted over from a distance, “Brother Mi, please just act according to plan. If this Old Master obtains any information, I will send my Disciple back to inform you.”

Mi Jing Lun and the other Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Division Commanders exchanged a glance with each other and shook their heads helplessly.

After a while, the huge fleet retreated slowly as previously discussed. They moved back by another two days’ distance in order to prevent any unexpected incidents.

In the void, Ou Yang Lie used various Secret Techniques to conceal his and Gong Lian’s auras. Be that as it may, his speed was not slow in the slightest as he headed in the direction of Great Evolution Pass.

Meanwhile, Gong Lian neither resisted nor struggled. He simply allowed himself to be carried in that manner and did not look disgruntled at all. In fact, judging by his expression, he seemed accustomed to such behaviour. For him, it was great that he didn’t need to use his own strength to travel. What did it matter even if he was in an unsightly posture?

Fortunately, he did at least ask a single question, “Honoured Master, where are we going?”

“We are going to spy on the Black Ink Clan,” Ou Yang Lie replied.

Gong Lian grunted in response and said nothing else.

While Ou Yang Li and his Disciple were travelling through the void and quickly approaching Great Evolution Pass, Yang Kai was also charging through the void from the opposite side.

Yang Kai’s journey required him to cross Great Evolution Pass and head towards its opposite side to search for the whereabouts of the Northern and Southern Armies and report Xiang Shan’s intentions to them.

There were two possible routes in order to cross Great Evolution Pass. One was to go around from the front, and the other was to go around the back.

According to the map of the entire Black Ink Battlefield that Ding Yao had shown him back at Blue Sky Pass previously, the boundary between the Black Ink Battlefield and the 3,000 Worlds was connected by a single path. This path was none other than the No-Return Pass guarded by the Dragon and Phoenix Clans!

With the No-Return Pass as the centre, the Human Race had established more than 100 Great Passes to form an outer defence perimeter. The distribution of these Great Passes in the Black Ink Battlefield resembled an inverted semi-circle that encompassed the No-Return Pass at its centre. In other words, the No-Return Pass was located behind all the Great Passes. If one were to set off from any of the Great Passes and travelled in the direction of the 3,000 Worlds, they would eventually arrive at the No-Return Pass.

More than 30,000 years ago, the area covered by the semi-circle was regarded as an absolutely safe area for the Human Race. That was because this area was located at the rear of every Great Pass. As long as the Great Passes stood strong, it was impossible for the Black Ink Clan to set foot in the area within the semi-circle.

After Great Evolution Pass was captured by the Black Ink Clan though, the Black Ink Clan finally had the opportunity to experience the noble bearing of the No-Return Pass. However, the Black Ink Clan at Great Evolution Pass no longer dared to target the No-Return Pass again after suffering heavy losses from multiple attempts. Even though they remained active around Great Evolution Pass, in the direction of the No-Return Pass, their numbers were few and they generally did not venture too far away from the Pass.

Needless to say, Yang Kai chose the easier option to get around Great Evolution Pass.

The area within the semi-circle was relatively safer as there was a much lower chance of encountering the Black Ink Clan there. If he went around the front of Great Evolution Pass instead, he might run into various troubles as a result. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

At a sudden moment, Yang Kai abruptly came to a halt and turned his head to look in a certain direction. There seemed to be a mysterious force coming from that direction that called to him and made him burn with excitement. Even the Dragon Vein in his body seemed to boil, and his blood began to flow at a faster rate than usual.

Yang Kai immersed his mind into the feeling and perceived the situation. It didn’t take long for him to understand what was happening. The source of that mysterious force was the place where the Dragon Altar was located! Thanks to the Dragon Vein in his body, Yang Kai naturally formed a connection with the Dragon Altar.

More importantly, the No-Return Pass was also located in that direction! The No-Return Pass was guarded by the Dragon and Phoenix Clans. Could it be that the Dragon Altar was at the No-Return Pass?

Ever since he came to the Black Ink Battlefield, Yang Kai had always wanted to visit the Dragon Clan. After all, he had a Dragon Vein in him, and there were also many other Dragon Clan members in Void Land. If he could locate the Dragon Clan on this side, he would be able to cultivate his Dragon Vein better in the future. Unfortunately, his wish had yet to come true.

All the public knew was that the Dragon Altar was part of the 36 Cave Heavens, but they did not know where it was located. According to the rumours, the Dragon Altar was an ethereal place that was impossible for anybody to enter unless they were part of the Dragon Clan.

The Elders of the Cave Heavens and Paradises most likely knew the secret of the Dragon Altar and the No-Return Pass. Be that as it may, they would never publicise this knowledge.

Yang Kai once visited the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land in the Shattered Heaven, where he was able to experience the past and witnessed an ancient battle. In that ancient battle, the Dragon Emperor and Phoenix Empress of the time had joined forces to seal and suppress the Black Ink Giant Spirit God. He also obtained the Dragon Clan’s Sacred Treasure known as the Crystal Palace in the Black Ink Sealing Land.

However, there were no Dragon Clan members or pure-blooded Phoenix Clan members in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land. The Divine Spirits in the Ancestral Land didn’t even know anything about the ancient battle that took place all those eons ago. It was possible that the Dragon and Phoenix Clans had left the Ancestral Land after that great battle to guard the No-Return Pass.

Yang Kai had failed to sense the existence of the Dragon Altar back at Blue Sky Pass because the distance between them had been too great. Now that he had deliberately taken a large detour around the rear of Great Evolution Pass though, he finally had the opportunity to perceive the Dragon Altar. It was just that his current position was very far from the No-Return Pass, so the resulting connection he felt was not that strong.

Glancing in the direction of the No-Return Pass, Yang Kai suppressed the excitement boiling in his Dragon Vein and continued on his journey. The Dragon Altar was a place he was bound to visit one day, but now was not the time! He had more important things to do right now.

His journey went smoothly without encountering any Black Ink Clansmen; hence, he boldly travelled by manipulating Space Principles without fear of being discovered.

On the other side of Great Evolution Pass, Ou Yang Lie carried his Disciple, Gong Lian, and snuck towards Great Evolution Pass. Along the way, he found a large number of Black Ink Clan squads searching in all directions. Of course, it was not difficult for him to avoid these Black Ink Clansmen with his powerful cultivation and skills.

Gong Lian continued to yawn throughout the journey with a drowsy look in his eyes. Anybody who saw him would think that he was about to fall asleep at any moment. In reality, he had always maintained such behaviour without changing. Even though he was being carried by his Honoured Master, he did not bother to resist at all.

A few days later, Ou Yang Lie finally arrived at the periphery of Great Evolution Pass. From where he stood in the void, he could clearly see the majestic Great Pass towering upward in the void. He couldn’t help sighing when he saw the Great Pass that was completely shrouded in Black Ink Strength.

This place used to be part of the territory that belonged to the Human Race, but it was now dominated by the Black Ink Clan, which made him feel indignant. As a result, he was tempted to rush over and attack the Black Ink Clan in order to reclaim the Pass and wash away the shame of losing it.

Nevertheless, it was just a thought. No matter how rash his personality, Ou Yang Lie knew that nothing good would happen if he attacked the Great Pass alone. They would only stand a chance to reclaim Great Evolution Pass if the entire Army took action.

While this position was considered quite close, he had yet to reach the limits of his ability. Ou Yang Lie was about to head closer when Gong Lian, who had been carried all this time, abruptly reacted. Gong Lian widened his eyes in surprise, the usual lethargic expression on his face vanishing in an instant. More importantly, he involuntarily shuddered in fear.