Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 53 - Tempered body ninth stage

Ten days later, the Three Sun’s Fruit seed had finally ripened and quietly produced the Three Sun’s Fruit! Dark red, they hung off the branches, enticing people to come and eat them.

From these fruits, Kai Yang was able to sense a rich amount of Yang Qi.

A insignificant ten days, actually allowed these earth grade lower class spirit fruits to ripen; when the melon is ripe, it will fall. That one drop of Yang Liquid was far too potent.

Cautiously he reached out to pluck one of these Three Sun’s Fruit. Holding it within his hands, Kai Yang played with it for a while, feeling really happy.

But no matter how enticing this thing was, he would need to eat it for it to have an effect.

Kai Yang didn’t hesitate. Sitting down cross legged, he threw the Three Sun’s Fruit directly into his mouth. Biting down, the sweet, fragrant fruit’s flavour burst out, starting from the tip of his tongue and then traveling throughout the rest of his mouth, leaving an alluring fragrance behind.

The spirit fruit entered his stomach and the True Yang Tactics started to revolve. His stomach felt like it was on fire, but to Kai Yang who was cultivating the True Yang Tactics, this temperature was the most comfortable, it even caused him feel relaxed. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The Yang World Qi hidden within the earth grade lower class spirit fruit quickly flowed into his meridians. Filling up his meridians instantly, drip drip it sounded out and a drop of Yang Liquid condensed quietly.

A short while later, another soft and crisp sound rang.

In the end, it had condensed three drops of Yang Liquid before this earth grade lower class spirit fruit’s energy disappeared.

Within his dantian, there were now four drops of Yang Liquid. While three drops were newly condensed with the aid of the spirit fruit, with the remaining drop the result of ten days of hard cultivating by Kai Yang.

With the incense burner’s obstruction, these ten days of cultivation had been dark and tiring, but Kai Yang didn’t really mind. How could he care about this petty thing at this point?

Moreover, Kai Yang held a faint premonition that if he ate the remaining two spirit fruits, then he could possibly breakthrough into the tempered body ninth stage, touching the doors of the initial element stage.

With this thought in his heart, without the slightest hesitation, Kai Yang ate the remaining two Three Sun’s Fruit.

The Yang World Qi dissolved within his stomach and a scorching hot heat flared up in his meridians. Kaii Yang’s entire body suddenly became bright red.

g Tactics frantically began to work while numerous dripping sounds rang out. In his dantian, one drop after the other had started to appear. Through Kai Yang’s open pores, Yang Qi flowing out from Coiling Dragon Stream was sucked in steadily.

The steady pulsing of World Qi within his meridians gradually became stronger, becoming more and more violent. If someone were to see Kai Yang’s current appearance, they would be so shocked that their chin would drop to the floor. There had never been a tempered body martial practitioner who could condense such a rich amount of World Qi before.

Tempered body martial practitioners’ meridians were narrow and the space in their dantian was limited, not to mention they were completely unable to bear such a large and fierce amount of World Qi.

The quantity of his World Qi was equivalent to a martial practitioner at the initial element stage. Though, Kai Yang was still only at the tempered body eighth stage.

At that moment, Kai Yang felt a pressure and this pressure was inexplicable, like it existed between the heavens and the earth. These shackles were imposed upon him and if he didn’t break these shackles, he would be unable to breakthrough.

The blistering hot True Yang Tactics started to revolve again, burning away the unrelenting shackles. As time passed, Kai Yang could sense that the shackles preventing him from entering the next stage were slowly weakening. With his advancement at hand, Kai Yang’s mind became clearer and the revolving speed of the True Yang Tactics sped up.

Bang........it sounded, it was like he had taken off the chains binding him. All over his body, he felt light and all the pressure and discomfort he had felt previously left without a trace, leaving Kai Yang feeling bright and refreshed.

Tempered body ninth stage! He was standing outside the doors to the initial element stage.

Although he had broken through, that feeling of refreshment had yet to disappear. Moving causally, the ten drops of Yang Liquid within Kai Yang’s datian started to rotate around and escaped in all directions, infiltrating into Kai Yang’s five visceras, six bowels and meridians.

(TL: hey, why isn’t that a familiar term~! :D)

The Yang Liquid’s bright and burning strength burned away all of the impurities within, tempering his five visceras, six bowels and meridians.

An iron ore need numerous revisions and temperings in order to for it take shape, so how could it be any different for the human body? Everytime a martial practitioner broke through a stage, they would use their body’s world energy to refine their bodies. After each refinement, their strength would crazily increase.

Kai Yang’s current breakthrough was only a minor one, so there wasn’t a lot of excess world energy within his body, but the Yang Liquid within him provided similar effects.

A good while later, Kai Yang slowly opened his eyes, for he could sense that this breakthrough had caused his strength to increase by leaps and bounds. His current power was incomparable to his power before he broke through.

If he were to meet with Cheng Shao Feng and Niu Tao now he was confident that he would be able to effortlessly defeat them, without using a single drop of Yang Liquid.

Apart from an increase in strength, Kai Yang touched on an insight, it was just too profound and he was unable to comprehend it. He could only wait until his next breakthrough to try and understand it.

His meridians were flooded with Yang World Qi, while his dantian was completely empty.

Carefully sensing around, Kai Yang’s face instantly darkened.

The results he painstakingly achieved through these past few days of hard work had vanished in the blink of an eye. All the Yang Liquid condensed from the three Three Sun’s Fruit, including his earlier condensed drop, a total of ten drops, were all gone, not a single wisp of Yang Liquid remained.

Although he had gained great benefits, he didn’t have any Yang Liquid.

But it was no matter, as long as he had money if he wanted Yang Liquid, it was a relatively simple task. He just needed to buy some Yang attributed treasures and directly absorb them.

The only problem right now was, Kai Yang was penniless. Apart from the spoils of war he had taken from Cheng Shao Feng and Niu Tao, he didn’t have anything valuable.

Sitting down he thought for awhile, Kai Yang found a solution.

(TL: BECOME A FREAKING RECEPITARTER!!!!)

He could not afford those treasures, could it be that he can’t even afford their seeds?

The benefit of the Three Sun’s Fruit had been clearly displayed to him. With the power of the Yang Liquid, along with a suitable seed, the spirit fruit would easily grow.

But these types of things were very scarce, after such a long time spent browsing within Black Wind Trade, he had yet to see anyone selling any seeds. It wasn’t hard to understand why, for spirit grass and spirit tree seeds, not only did you have to find a suitable place to plant them, you also had to use a lot of effort to nurture them, not to mention you needed to wait a long time for them to bear fruit.

Who would waste all that energy? If they had that much time and energy, they might as well go train. If no one bought them, then naturally no one would sell them. It was all about supply and demand.

Kai Yang decided that he would buy them, furthermore he was seeking a large amount of seeds.

With his mind made up, Kai Yang exited Sky Tower and towards Black Wind Trade.

Although it was only his second time going, Kai Yang appeared at ease. It had been half a month since he had last came, Black Wind Trade was still bustling with commotion, Many martial practitioner came and went, the treasures in the various booths were all lined up creating a feast for the eyes.

Making his way around the bustling booths, as expected, he did not find any seeds, but since he was prepared, Kai Yang wasn’t too disappointed. Following his memory, Kai Yang walked to the place where that Blood Group disciple had been selling. He wanted to see if that guy had some extra seeds left.

p.s. So got this chapter pressed out now. Now I need to go to bed, o.O it’s 1:03am for me......This chapter is still sponsored by Joseph G. so please thank him. I got seriously scholded by Ben for staying up this late, so good night...wait, morning.