Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5213 – Cut Across the Battlefield

Translator: Silavin &Sara

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Everything happened in a flash and Yang Kai reacted just as swiftly. When the attack failed, the shadowy silhouette faded away in such an uncanny way that it was almost as if the silhouette never existed in the first place. Even Divine Sense could not detect any traces; however, Yang Kai simply smirked, “Do you think you can use the same trick twice?”

By the time he finished speaking, the attacker had vanished.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai whipped his head about and reached out to grab something in that direction.

Once again, Space Principles rippled out and space was locked in from all sides.

By the time Yang Kai withdrew his hand, it was clenched around the neck of a figure. His World Force surged and crashed into the other person’s Small Universe, which made the person dazed and unable to use his strength.

“Attacking me twice, huh? You seem like a rather stubborn person,” Yang Kai remarked coolly as he stared at the person.

It was clear that the attacker had been highly trained in the art of assassination. When an attack failed, he retreated right away. That was why Yang Kai failed to detect him during the first sneak attack and could not find any traces of him after.

However, after taking into account the mystifying powers of concealment that this Black Ink Disciple had, Yang Kai was certain that the attacker would not give up so easily. He would strike again.

Yang Kai did not know who the attacker would strike against next, or if he would even show himself once more.

Still, the Black Ink Disciple did intend to strike again, and the best and final opportunity would be when Yang Kai led the two Squads out of the siege; therefore, Yang Kai kept his guard up the whole time. He stayed vigilant and aware of everything that was happening around him, including the goings-on near the two Squads behind him.

Sure enough, the attacker showed himself again and he even chose to make Yang Kai his target. Why would Yang Kai, who already had his guard up, allow himself to be attacked in a similar fashion twice?

To zero in on Yang Kai twice in a row meant that the attacker was stubborn and proud. As he failed to deal a heavy blow to Yang Kai on his first attempt, he did not hesitate at all to try again.

Unfortunately for him, he chose the wrong target. His first sneak attack had been successful due to his tactics and Yang Kai’s lack of vigilance.

That was not the case this time. On the battlefield, one had to pay the price for such wilful stubbornness.

The attacker could feel the terrifyingly powerful World Force that flowed out of Yang Kai’s hand and crashed into his Small Universe. His Small Universe quaked and the Black Ink Disciple was terror-stricken.

He could sense that Yang Kai was merely a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, just like him, but Yang Kai was now holding him by the neck as if he was chicken waiting to be slaughtered. How could there be such a huge difference in strength between them?

What he found even harder to grasp was the way Yang Kai had managed to locate him. His Concealment Secret Technique was exceptional and in the heat of the moment, even an Eighth-Order Master might fail to notice him.

However, when he tried to conceal himself and vanish earlier after the second attack had failed, Yang Kai managed to capture him with just one hand.

As the Black Ink Disciple tried to struggle, he caught Yang Kai’s eyes and was shocked by the sliver of golden pupil he saw, “Demon Eye of Annihilation! Are you from Myriad Demons Heaven?”

Once the Black Ink Disciple spotted that intimidating golden pupil, he came to a realization.

He assumed Yang Kai was from Myriad Demons Heaven and had cultivated the Demon Eye of Annihilation, one of their core Secret Techniques, to high degree of mastery.

[No wonder he knew exactly where I was…]

After working it all out, the Black Ink Disciple was filled with bitterness. He could not believe how terrible his luck was to encounter someone from Myriad Demons Heaven on the battlefield, and one who even cultivated the Demon Eye of Annihilation to such a high level to boot.

This mystical technique of the Myriad Demons Cave Heaven could see through all illusions and falsities. If cultivated to the apex, it was rumoured to be capable of seeing into a person’s past and future. All in all, it was the bane of his Concealment Secret Technique.

The Concealment Secret Technique that he relied on was nothing more than a joke before the Demon Eye of Annihilation.

Yang Kai had no intention of responding to the Black Ink Disciple’s question.

Had this taken place 200 years ago, Yang Kai might not have been able to capture the Black Ink Disciple so easily. Although he gained the Demon Eye of Annihilation a long time ago when he was still a fledgling cultivator, he did not actively cultivate it and thus could not utilise much of its powers.

Later on, when he left Black Territory and headed for the Black Ink Battlefield, an Eighth-Order Divine Monarch, Mo Sha, from Myriad Demons Cave Heaven passed the cultivation technique to him.

Throughout these years on the Black Ink Battlefield, Yang Kai kept cultivating the two Eye Secret Techniques of Myriad Demons Heaven, making some small progress.

This carried on until 200 years ago when he used an enormous amount of Military Merits to head to Myriad Demons Pass and personally sought guidance from the Myriad Demons Heaven Old Ancestor.

Ever since then, Yang Kai’s mastery of these two Eye Secret Techniques soared tremendously.

This was a good thing about the Battle Ink Battlefield. With enough Military Merits, a person could cultivate any Secret Technique of the Cave Heavens and Paradises. One could even ask an Old Ancestor for help in the process.

This was simply unthinkable in the 3,000 Worlds. These powerful Secret Techniques were the foundation upon which all Cave Heavens and Paradises built themselves, so who would ever readily allow an outsider to learn them?

However, when on the Black Ink Battlefield, none of the Cave Heavens and Paradises believed in selfishly safeguarding these Secret Techniques for self-preservation anymore. All of the old traditions and beliefs had been broken, and everyone from the Old Ancestors to the regular cultivators had one goal in mind, to eliminate the Black Ink Clan once and for all.

Anything that furthered that goal was acceptable, including teaching others these once carefully guarded Secret Techniques.

By now, Yang Kai’s understanding of the two Eye Secret Techniques far surpassed what it once was 200 years ago. Based on how the Myriad Demons Heaven separated the mastery level of both these Eye Secret Techniques, Yang Kai’s cultivation of the Demon Eye of Annihilation could be considered to be far above average now.

After all, receiving help from an Old Ancestor was no small matter.

Therefore, it was laughable that the Black Ink Disciple attempted to conceal himself in front of Yang Kai.

At this very moment, Yang Kai was holding the Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple by the neck and staring at the lump that came out of the latter’s forehead. Seeing it, Yang Kai let out a small sigh.

Not all Black Ink Disciples were alike.

If someone became a Black Ink Disciple because their body had been invaded by Black Ink Strength, then there was still a way to save them. All they would need to do was remove the Black Ink Strength with Purifying Light.

However, if a person chose to rely on Black Ink Strength to break through the innate barriers of their cultivation, there was no way of saving them anymore.

This was due to the fact that once the Black Ink Strength left their body, the person’s Small Universe would no longer be capable of containing their cultivation. The person would end up dying from the explosion of their Small Universe.

The Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciple in front of Yang Kai right now had a bulbous, sore-like mass on his forehead that was surging with Black Ink Strength. It was a clear sign that he had used Black Ink Strength to break through his natural limits.

In other words, this Black Ink Disciple could not be saved, and that was the reason why Yang Kai sighed.

His World Force, which had already been coursing fiercely to begin with, intensified even further as it rushed into the Black Ink Disciple’s Small Universe. In less than a breath, the Black Ink Disciple’s Small Universe began to rumble and quake as cracks started spreading across it like a spiderweb.

The Black Ink Disciple was visibly petrified.

Soon, his Small Universe split apart and shattered into a million pieces. As his Small Universe collapsed, a huge amount of World Force madly surged out, along with all of the Black Ink Disciple’s vitality. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

By the time Yang Kai tossed the Black Ink Disciple aside, there was no longer any sign of life within him.

It had only been several breaths from the Black Ink Disciple’s appearance during his second assassination attempt on Yang Kai till the point where his lifeless body was cast aside. The surrounding Black Ink Clansmen did not even have time to register what was happening.

Suddenly, the screech of a Golden Crow reverberated across the void and a brilliant Great Sun rose into the sky. The Golden Crow kept awing in joy as the light shone out brilliantly. Yang Kai lifted his spar to the Great Sun as he shot forward as fast as lightning and roared, “Charge!”

Members of both the Profound Wind Squad and the Snow Wolves Squad were still dazed from the death of the Black Ink Disciple. Now that they saw a Great Sun rising and felt its glorious power spreading through the area, they became even more thunderstruck.

Following Yang Kai’s battle cry, the Great Sun flew across the immense battlefield like a huge ball, and everywhere it went, the Black Ink Clan helplessly fell aside. Those who touched the Great Sun died upon contact, and all others in its proximity were wounded.

Two Special Operations Squads trailed behind the Great Sun, the two Squad Leaders exchanging glances, seeing the astounded look in each other’s eyes.

Both of them could see that the Great Sun was a Divine Manifestation. High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters had the power to create a Divine Manifestation of their own, and as Squad Leaders of Special Operations Squads, both of them were among the top talents among the Seventh-Other and naturally had their own Divine Manifestations.

However, they both realized that their Divine Manifestations were hopelessly weak in comparison to the one that Yang Kai displayed.

This Junior Brother Yang of theirs was wielding a Divine Manifestation of such astonishing strength. It did not have the power of an attack from an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master just yet, but it was very close.

Judging by how quickly the Great Sun was slaughtering the Black Ink Clansmen, it showed that those who were beneath the Feudal Lords were killed by the Great Sun’s blinding power before they could even get close.

However, after recalling the power that Yang Kai had exhibited earlier, it was not hard to understand why his Divine Manifestation was this strong.

It was hard to miss the sudden appearance of the Great Sun on the battlefield. It smashed through the enemy lines with unstoppable force, and it made its way throughout the battlefield without even slowing at all.

The two Squads stayed right behind Yang Kai, one on either side, acting as his wings as they worked together with him to reap as many of the Black Ink Clan’s soldiers’ lives as possible.

This was the benefit of having Squad members to work with. Previously, when Yang Kai acted alone, he did not have to worry about others, but his kill count did not stack up as quickly as it did now either when he did not have help.

Right now, Yang Kai could focus his attention solely on charging forward and killing all the enemies in his path. He did not have to care about anything else, for even if he failed to kill those that fell by the wayside, the two Special Operations Squads following him would finish them off. He also did not have to look over his shoulder or worry about being attacked from behind.

The Army Commander had ordered the two Special Operations Squads to join forces with him, and although there was no clear task communicated in the order, Yang Kai could tell that the appearance of numerous Black Ink Disciples of high Orders had most likely disrupted the North-South Army’s plans.

They were in a deadlock and they needed to break the stalemate.

He could not help with the battle between the Eighth-Order Masters and the Territory Lords, so what he could do was give the Humans an advantage in the fight among those of the lower Orders.

Since the Army Commander hoped that he could break the stalemate, his only choice was to give it all he got; thus, Yang Kai immediately summoned his Divine Manifestation.

The Army Commander did not say how he should break the deadlock, and under the circumstances, Yang Kai would not be receiving any advice from anyone else.

Therefore, his plan was very simple. He was going to rely on the strength of the two Special Operations Squads and rampage through the battlefield without holding back!

Once the Black Ink Clan’s morale fell far enough and they routed, the Humans could naturally break the stalemate.