Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5214 – Light of the Sun

Translator: Silavin &Sara

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Amid the chaos, a Great Sun flew forward, and with the help of two Special Operations Squads, they cut a large swath right across the vast battlefield.

All of the Black Ink Clansmen who stood in their path were slaughtered.

The Seventh-Order Masters behind Yang Kai relentlessly cut down any enemies that managed to survive the initial impact of the Great Sun.

Though a large number of Black Ink Clansmen died from the Great Sun charging up ahead, many more managed to escape and began to launch frenzied attacks upon the source of the deadly attack. Yang Kai was under such heavy assault that his Word Force protection faltered and cracked. His skin split open and golden blood oozed out of the wounds all over his body.

If no one dealt with these Black Ink Clansmen, then they would be a huge hindrance to Yang Kai, and soon, he would not be able to fight as ferociously as he did now.

The task of getting rid of these Black Ink Clansmen fell onto the shoulders of the two Special Operations Squads. The only way to ensure that Yang Kai could continue pushing forward unyieldingly was to stop the Black Ink Clan from attacking him.

By now, the two Special Operations Squads trailing behind Yang Kai had already killed countless enemies, and Yang Kai who led the charge killed even more.

Yang Kai and his spear had stormed through over ten million kilometres of space, and the light of the Great Sun had now grown dim.

Once the light completely extinguished, the two Special Operations Squads behind Yang Kai who had been valiantly killing their opponents abruptly noticed that there was no one around them.

They had cut through the entire battlefield and rushed out into the open void beyond. Not too far behind them was the battlefield upon which tens of thousands of Humans and hundreds of thousands of Black Ink Clan were still clashing.

It seemed that all of the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters who moved around outside the Warship were injured.

They had traversed the entire length of the battlefield in such a short amount of time, and all the while, they had been surrounded by the enemy on all sides. It was not hard to imagine just how many attacks they had to endure, and even though they were Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters with formidable strength, it was impossible for them to come out completely unscathed.

Even so, they were still spirited and full of vigor.

Despite belonging to Special Operations Squads and having earned glory in numerous battles against the Black Ink Clan, they had never done anything quite as reckless as this.

Two Special Operations Squads under the leadership of Yang Kai had carved out a straight path all the way through the entire battlefield.

No one had ever heard of anything like this being done before.

Their long-lost fervour for battle consumed them once more. They could not resist the urge to roar at the top of their lungs as they only wished to rush into the battlefield to do it all over again.

Yang Kai did not disappoint them.

As soon as he broke out of the battlefield, he turned around to face the immense battlefield once more. He raised his spear and pointed at the expansive killing field before shouting, “Take your pills! We’re going in again!” Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

After a brief moment of startlement, all of the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters immediately realized what Yang Kai meant. Without any further hesitation, they swiftly grabbed handfuls of pills, some to restore energy, some to aid in recovery, and even some to provide a temporary boost in strength, and stuffed them into their mouths.

Even the Fifth and Sixth-Order Masters aboard the Warships who were in charge of the arrays and the artifacts did the same.

Despite this being their first meeting and their first time working together with Yang Kai, his ferocity had been seared into their hearts and minds. At this moment, the young man who was covered in golden blood looked like a glowing torch in the dark that could lead them down the path of vanquishing all their enemies. They did not need to think about anything, all they had to do was follow him, and they would be able to wipe out all those whom they wished to exterminate.

The Golden Crow screeched yet again, and the blinding Great Sun rose once more. Just as before, Yang Kai’s spear lifted the Great Sun as he roared, “Kill!”

He led the charge as he stormed back into the colossal battlefield, the two Special Operations Squads following closely behind.

The brilliant Great Sun started rampaging through the battlefield for the second time!

An incense stick later, the light of the Great Sun went out once more as Yang Kai and the two Special Operations Squads appeared on the opposite side of the battlefield.

They were in dreadful states as all of them were covered in blood. Even the two Warships showed visible signs of damage.

“Again!” Yang Kai chose a different direction this time and charged into the battlefield once more. The light of the Great Sun blazed for the third time.

The fourth round started another incense stick later.

Then, the fifth round began…

With each summoning of Golden Crow Casts the Sun, Yang Kai and the two Special Operations Squads under his leadership were able to cut through the battlefield and eliminate their opponents from one end to the other.

By the time the sixth round ended, although the two Warships were still following closely behind Yang Kai, there were five or six fewer Seventh-Order Masters moving around outside the Warships.

Not every Seventh-Order Master could withstand such intense fighting with such a reckless strategy. Charging forward in such an unbridled manner also meant that they would constantly be confronted with new opponents.

After doing so repeatedly, five or six of the Seventh-Order Masters of the two Squads had become heavily injured and had to return to their Warships to recover.

The remaining Seventh-Order Masters were not doing too well either. Even though they consumed a lot of pills, it was still taking a toll on them and those with weaker heritage were beginning to look rather pale.

No one knew just how much longer they could keep this up and continue to weave through the battlefield. Perhaps at some point, they would be exhausted halfway through and all of them would end up dying together.

Compared to them, Yang Kai was likely the one who had used up the most strength as he unleashed his Divine Manifestation every single time they charged.

Although Divine Manifestations were powerful, they expended a lot of strength too.

The Squad Leaders of both the Snow Wolves and Profound Wind Squads had Divine Manifestations of their own, but even though they were in the Seventh-Order, they could only use them five times at most before the strength within their Small Universes would completely dry up. All High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters considered their Divine Manifestations their trump cards and would not summon them easily.

However, Yang Kai had used his Divine Manifestation for the sixth time and it was still as powerful as before. It proved just how profound the heritage of Yang Kai’s Small Universe was.

The seventh, eighth, and ninth rounds soon followed…

In just over two hours, they had charged through the battlefield 10 times and killed countless Black Ink Clan soldiers.

By now, there were only seven Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters following behind Yang Kai. Three were from the Snow Wolves Squad and four were from the Profound Wind Squad. The rest had returned to their Warships to recuperate.

Next, the 11th and 12th rounds…

When Yang Kai broke out of the battlefield once again with the light of the Great Sun going out once more, all the colour had drained from his face, but his eyes still radiated a brilliant light.

All of the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Masters who followed him out looked depleted. Even the two Warships were heavily damaged and flashing with sparks of light which meant that many of their arrays had broken. The Open Heaven Realm Masters within the Squad who were familiar with Spirit Arrays couldn’t help feeling forlorn.

Both Squads had used up an enormous amount of Military Merits on there Warships. They had requested the Artifact Refiners from their respective Great Passes to enhance the two Warships so that they could withstand more intense battles.

Yet, in a little over two hours, the Warships had been heavily battered and were now on the verge of falling apart. This proved just how violent and ruthless the attacks on them had been thus far.

Out of the 16 Seventh-Order Masters that belonged to both Squads, 13 of them were heavily injured. There were three of them remaining who could still put up a fight, but the strength within their Small Universes was nearly dried up as well.

They could no longer return to the battlefield.

Yang Kai was aware of this. He knew that they were at their limits, so he said, “Please head back to the Purifying Black Ink Battleship.”

The Snow Wolves Squad Leader instantly caught what Yang Kai had left unsaid and had to ask, “What about you?”

Yang Kai grinned at him, “The battle is still undecided. I’m going to continue.”

The Profound Wind Squad Leader frowned, “Won’t it be too dangerous for you to go alone?”

Yang Kai shook his head, “Since I’ve received my orders, I will continue in spite of the dangers, and besides, the situation’s different now. The Black Ink Clan Army has been seriously weakened, so it won’t be too dangerous even if I head back in alone.”

As veterans on the battlefield, everyone had the ability to make their own judgements and were persistent in their own ways too; therefore, upon hearing what Yang Kai had to say, neither one of the Squad Leaders tried to talk him out of it.

“It is a pity that I can’t stand shoulder-to-shoulder with you till the end of this fight, Brother Yang. I will buy you a drink once you come back victorious!” The Snow Wolves Squad Leader declared.

Yang Kai nodded and smiled, “I’ll look forward to it.”

The Profound Wind Squad Leader said nothing, but he bowed and saluted Yang Kai.

It was easy enough for the two Squads to return to the Purifying Black Ink Battleship from here since the Black Ink Clan were not around to stop them. After watching the two Squads’ Warships limp off into the distance, Yang Kai finally rejoined the battlefield.

The strength in his Small Universe had also almost dried up after using his Golden Crow Casts the Sun Divine Manifestation a dozen times.

However, this did not matter as he still had World Fruits to replenish himself.

He took out a Low-Rank World Fruit and stuffed it into his mouth. The medicinal efficacies were rapidly absorbed into his body and the pure and rich World Force swiftly filled his Small Universe.

Yang Kai tore off a scrap of his tattered, blood-soaked clothing and used it to tie back his dishevelled hair. He raised his Azure Dragon Spear and took a deep breath before pointing the spear in front of him and roaring, “Kill!”

The Great Sun that had gone out not too long ago once again filled the void with its brilliant light as it plowed through the battlefield.

The two Squads had gathered on the decks of their Warships as they headed back to the Purifying Black Ink Battleship and felt their hearts surging as they watched from afar.

Just as Yang Kai had said to the two Squad Leaders earlier, the situation on the battlefield now was no longer the same as at the start of the battle. The Humans relied on the strength of their Warships, their bravery and tenacity, and their collaborative efforts with one another, but the Black Ink Clan did not show the same unity. All of the respective Armies under the various Territory Lords did their own thing and rarely coordinated with each other.

Therefore, despite the huge difference in numbers, it was the Humans who had the advantage on the battlefield.

Furthermore, Yang Kai had led the two Special Operations Squads on a reckless rampage through the battlefield over and over again, and they had dealt the Black Ink Clan a devastating blow.

After weaving in and out of the battlefield over ten times, Yang Kai had successfully divided up the battlefield and helped the Human Race Army in various areas to eliminate all of the nearby Black Ink Clansmen in the most efficient manner possible.

The effects were not so noticeable after only one or two rounds, but after the seventh or eighth time, the advantage became clear.

When Yang Kai stepped back onto the battlefield alone, he was faced with a lot fewer obstacles. However, he did not have the two Special Operations Squads behind him now so he had to be in charge of making sure he eliminated all the threats around him. He was under a lot more pressure now than before.

Even so, Yang Kai showed no signs of trepidation. Relying on just his powerful heritage and the power of the World Fruit to restore his World Force, he continued to work his way through the battlefield over and over again.

At some point, there was suddenly the aura of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master dying somewhere on the battlefield.

All of the Humans felt a jolt.

The Humans had fought against the Black Ink Clan on the battlefield countless times, and rarely did they ever witness an Eighth-Order Master dying, but that did not mean that it never happened.

Each time they felt this sort of disturbance, it meant that an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master had been killed.

And if an Eighth-Order Master died on the battlefield, it meant that the situation was incredibly dire for the Humans.

This explained why everyone in the Human Army was deeply shaken by the commotion that signified the death of an Eighth-Order Master.