Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5229 – Attack of the Universe Worlds

Translator: Silavin &Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After all, the larger the Universe World was, the more resources would be needed to set up Spirit Arrays to fortify it. They should’ve selected a suitable and less resource-consuming Universe World. There were only 30,000 Human soldiers, so a much smaller Universe World could easily accommodate them.

Although Yang Kai was doubtful at that time, he didn’t ponder on it as it was just a thought that flashed through his mind.

However, the moment he saw the rays of light approaching from the depths of the void, he realised the reason behind it.

The forward base where the Humans were located was enormous and just half a day’s flight from the Royal City. This forward base was not just a nail at the Black Ink Clan’s doorstep, but it also served as screen, an obstacle that could obstruct the Black Ink Clan’s sight.

Presently, Yang Kai was at the back of the forward base, so he could clearly see the rays of light coming from the void; however, on the other side, the Black Ink Clansmen in the Royal City would be unable to see what was going on.

This gave the Humans more room to manoeuvre.

It seemed that by the time the Army Commanders had chosen to set up a forward base, they had come up with a series of follow-up plans; otherwise, they wouldn’t have moved such a massive Universe World to this place.

The Black Ink Clan soldiers were in a rigid formation in front of the Royal City.

Since Che Kong was told to take command, it had only taken him a month to reorganize the entire Army.

Presently, there were a million Black Ink Clan soldiers surrounding the Royal City tightly. Regardless of how the Humans launched an attack, they could immediately deal with the enemies. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Che Kong had no idea how he should take the initiative to attack the Humans, but it wouldn’t be hard for him to defend the Royal City with this setup. Defense had always been his forte.

As the Commander of a million Black Ink Clansmen, Che Kong was located in the middle of the Army so that he could easily react to any potential threats from the Humans.

After a month of silence, Che Kong all of a sudden felt his chest tightening as an ominous feeling washed over him.

This caused him to feel alerted as he lifted his gaze to look at the Humans’ side. There were a lot of Warships moving around the forward base, but he had no idea what the Humans were up to.

However, it didn’t seem like the Humans had the intention of attacking the Royal City at that moment.

This made Che Kong feel doubtful. Since the Humans didn’t intend to attack, why did he feel a sense of unease all of a sudden?

Could it be a false alarm?

He sincerely hoped that it was just his nerves. Before the Royal Lord started recuperating in the Black Ink Nest, he appointed Che Kong to be the Commander of the Black Ink Clan soldiers and entrusted him to protect the Royal City. Certainly, Che Kong could not disappoint the Royal Lord.

While he was lost in his thoughts, a dazzling light suddenly radiated from the back of the Human’s encampment.

The unease Che Kong felt intensified at that moment.

The next instant, the light flashed into his sight. It was so dazzling that he couldn’t help but narrow his eyes.

Initially, he couldn’t make out what the light was, but as the distance shortened, he quickly realised its true nature.

Che Kong, who had been seated at the time, leapt to his feet with widened eyes. The next moment, his roar reverberated across the entire void, “Enemy attack!”

Over the past month that he had been leading the Black Ink Army, Che Kong had repeatedly pondered on what kind of strategy the Humans would use to assault the Royal City. He had also put himself in the shoes of the leaders from the Humans’ side and inferred how the war would unfold.

He came to the conclusion that, regardless of what devious plans the Humans had come up with, they wouldn’t achieve their goal as long as he steadfastly protected the Royal City.

There was no doubt that he was pleased with the expected outcome.

However, it wasn’t until the Humans finally revealed their move that Che Kong realized he had underestimated how cunning his enemy truly were.

It never crossed his mind that the Humans would attack them using a Universe World.

The Universe World was full of arrays, which were obvious arranged by the Humans. After shooting past the forward base, the Universe World came straight at the Royal City.

Che Kong had no idea where this Universe World came from, but it had obviously moved across a long distance in the void as it was moving at incredible speed.

By the time Che Kong alerted the other Black Ink Clansmen, the ray of light was only a million kilometres away from the Royal City.

If they did nothing, the Universe World would smash into the Royal City in 10 breaths of time.

The consequences would be dreadful.

The location of the Royal City was also a Universe World, and although it was gigantic, it didn’t have any powerful defences. It wasn’t comparable to Great Evolution Pass in this respect.

Great Evolution Pass was an enormous Mobile Palace Artifact, so even without any active arrays, it was still significantly sturdier than a mere Universe World. Moreover, be it the Humans or the Black Ink Clan who controlled Great Evolution Pass, there were various arrays in Inner Sanctum that could enhance its defences.

The approaching Universe World that was full of Spirit Arrays appeared to only be a third the size of the Universe World the Royal City was situated upon, but if it really crashed into the Royal City, everything would be smashed to pieces.

By then, not only would the Royal Lord be disrupted from his recuperation, but the High-Rank Black Ink Nest would also be destroyed upon impact.

If that happened, the Royal Lord would never let Che Kong off.

If they had detected the Universe World that was coming at the Royal City earlier, they could have easily warded it off given the forces available to them.

However, Che Kong was caught off guard as the despicable Humans obstructed their line of sight using their forward base.

By the time he discovered the strange attack, Che Kong was only left with 10 breaths of time to react.

He had no time to mobilise his soldiers, so he personally charged towards the Universe World.

At the same time, over 30 Territory Lords took action along with him.

All of the Territory Lords knew that they had to do their best to fend off this Universe World attack, for the slightest impact on the Royal City would surely disturb the Royal Lord’s recuperation.

Black Ink Clansmen recuperated by falling into a state of deep sleep. It was the same for the Royal Lord as it was for everyone else. Once they were disturbed though, their recuperation would be disturbed, resulting in backlash that could undo their recovery progress or possibly even make their condition worse.

The Royal Lord was the most powerful Master they had to rely on, so they naturally wouldn’t allow anything to disturb him.

All the Territory Lords shot into the sky. The sight was magnificent as their auras were menacing.

Meanwhile, countless Feudal Lords followed closely behind them.

On a barren mountain in the forward base, Xiang Shan, Liu Zhi Ping, and other Eighth-Order Division Commanders looked on intently and saw that the Black Ink Clansmen from the Royal City were charging forward like the moths to a flame.

Before they even arrived, they had started sending out violent attacks at the Universe World that was coming at the Royal City.

One Eighth-Order Division Commander asked, “Do you think they can ward it off?”

Honestly speaking, it wouldn’t require an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master to make a move to destroy a Universe World. A Sixth-Order or even a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, given enough time, could destroy a Universe World; after all, an Open Heaven Realm Master had broken free from the restraints of the Inner Universe. The power they could draw from their Small Universe was World Force; hence, it wasn’t difficult for them to shatter a Universe World.

Naturally, the Black Ink Clansmen of similar strength could achieve the same results.

However, the Black Ink Clan was not dealing with an ordinary Universe World at this moment. It was a Universe World protected by various arrays that the Array Masters had spent a month and massive amounts of resources to arrange.

Therefore, it was no longer an ordinary Universe World; it was the greatest siege weapon to destroy a city with.

“We’ll see,” Xiang Shan replied impassively.

He was just giving it a try to ascertain how effective this tactic was to achieve their objective; therefore, the East-West Army had not prepared to launch an attack at this moment. As such, the Division Commanders could just watch what was going on and have a casual chat among themselves.

They could see that the Black Ink Clan had fully utilised all their powers, as all sorts of dark, ominous techniques smashed against the Universe World, which caused it to flicker and start breaking apart.

There was no doubting the destructive force of several dozen Territory Lords making a move together.

Therefore, even though the Universe World was equipped with all sorts of defensive arrays, it couldn’t possibly withstand the violent attacks from so many Territory Lords.

Before the Feudal Lords could even make a move, the Universe World had turned dim. The next instant, it exploded into countless fragments that scattered around.

The Territory Lords couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief while at the same time, they were infuriated.

It seemed they had been frightened over nothing as it was just a Universe World, after all. Even though it was equipped with various arrays, it couldn’t possibly pose a threat to them.

However, all the Territory Lords had come forward to fend it off. If the Humans launched an attack on the Royal City at that moment, they wouldn’t be able to protect the city.

While such thoughts were crossing their minds though, another ray of light appeared behind the shattered Universe World.

“There’s more!” Che Kong roared.

This time, the Territory Lords did not become flustered. With the earlier experience, they knew how to deal with this situation now.

Furthermore, with more Feudal Lords joining them, it became easier to destroy the approaching Universe World.

Several breaths of time later, the second Universe World became shattered and broke into countless pieces.

The next instant, the third Universe World was seen coming at them.

The Territory Lords secretly cursed at the leaders of the Human Race. The series of despicable moves was quite annoying.

With dozens of Territory Lords and innumerable Feudal Lords working together, they cast an attack together and destroyed the third Universe World when it was still millions of kilometres away from the Royal City.

However, the Territory Lords didn’t lower their guard down. They stared fixedly at the depths of the void, as they were worried that there would be a fourth Universe World.

Soon, they were relieved that there wasn’t a fourth Universe World. It seemed that the Humans had only gotten three Universe Worlds prepared.

Upon making sure that all the Universe Worlds had been intercepted, and that the Royal City was not impacted at all, Che Kong led the Territory Lords and Feudal Lords back.

Instead of feeling elated though, Che Kong only felt increasingly worried.

Although they had successfully fended off the three Universe Worlds that the Humans had launched at them this time, what if there were four, five, or even more Universe Worlds?

There would come a time when they were unable to stop the Universe Worlds, and when that happened, a large number of the Black Ink Clansmen would lose their lives, and the Royal Lord’s recovery would be interrupted.

It was apparent that the Humans were just testing the waters this time, and the next attack would be the real show. Che Kong believed that after the test this time, the Human leaders would continue to use such a tactic.

[Damn it!] Che Kong thought. Faced with such a despicable tactic, the Black Ink Clan had no other choice but to directly deal with it.

They couldn’t even imitate it as they didn’t have so many skillful Array Masters on their side.