Chapter 5239 - 5239 – A Familiar Scene

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As time passed, Xiao Xiao grew into a young woman, and the homespun clothes she was usually seen wearing could never conceal her stunning beauty.

People from neighbouring villages would come over and propose a marriage to her all the time; however, Xiao Xiao would always sweep them out of her house.

Initially, the hunter and his Wife would watch it with pleasure, thinking that those rough brats didn’t deserve to marry their Daughter. It served them right that they were beaten up.

Nevertheless, as Xiao Xiao grew older, they couldn’t help but start worrying.

When they picked up Xiao Xiao from the log house on the mountain, they were already in their forties. In the first 10 years, Xiao Xiao never grew in size. It wasn’t until she became a disciple of Water Moon Pavilion that she started growing.

Now, she looked like she was in her early twenties, but it had been about 30 years since the hunter first picked her up back then.

Presently, the couple was already in their seventies.

There was no doubt that they were pretty old now. Although the mortals on the Void Continent who had never cultivated before could easily live up to 100 years old, there would inevitably come a time when the couple passed away.

After they were gone, Xiao Xiao would be left alone. Wouldn’t she feel lonely when she had no one else to rely on?

Therefore, despite their reluctance, the couple still hoped that their Daughter would get married soon. They had talked to her about it on several occasions, but she would always dismiss it with a smile, stating that she didn’t intend to get married. She just wanted to keep her parents company until they passed away.

The couple was gratified, and they decided to stop bringing this up.

Although Xiao Xiao had never shown them any moves usually used by the cultivators, the couple knew that since her return from Water Moon Pavilion, she was no longer a normal mortal. She was as exquisite as a phoenix now.

Certainly, those brats from neighbouring villages shouldn’t even dream about marrying her. Even if their Daughter wanted to look for a Husband, only a successful cultivator would be worthy of her.

The students in the classroom came and went, but the teacher remained the same.

Xiao Xiao would frequently visit the teacher and bring him some delicious dishes she had acquired from who knows where. She never forgot that when she was younger, the teacher would always bring her delicious treats that she had never heard of out of nowhere and give them to her.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Now that she was a fairly powerful cultivator who could fly around freely, she decided to repay his favour.

However, there was one thing that made her feel puzzled.

Many years had passed, but the teacher didn’t seem to have changed at all. He was just as young as when he arrived at this village 30 years ago.

Xiao Xiao suspected that he was also a cultivator, but even after secretly inspecting him, she couldn’t discover anything. While feeling perplexed, she speculated that the teacher was just someone who aged slower than normal.

On the other hand, her parents had clearly grown old as time passed.

She had tried to collect some Spirit Herbs that could lengthen their lives; nevertheless, she knew that as mortals, there would come a day when they passed away. Therefore, she valued the time she got to spend with her parents dearly and felt content with each passing day.

As Yang Kai watched everything, he couldn’t help but feel deeply moved.

Xiao Xiao, who was actually the Old Ancestor, had set off on her cultivation journey in this new life, but she had never forgotten about the hunter and his Wife who had raised her. In fact, she did everything she could to break free from Water Moon Pavilion’s restraints and returned to the couple.

Rarely would cultivators do this.

To cultivators, once they embarked on the Martial Dao, their biggest goal became walking further on it. Familial bonds, friendship, and love all came second.

However, Xiao Xiao was different. Family had always been of utmost importance to her, and everything she had been doing was intended to bring her closer to her family.

Naturally, it was Yang Kai who put the Secret Art that Xiao Xiao ‘accidentally’ discovered in Water Moon Pavilion. In truth, the Secret Art wasn’t really that effective. It was just that Yang Kai made a move in secret to ensure that those from Water Moon Pavilion wouldn’t notice the changes in Xiao Xiao’s cultivation. It wasn’t hard for him to achieve such a thing in his own Small Universe.

Usually, he wouldn’t have a hand in Xiao Xiao’s life experiences. However, since she had shown such an intention, he definitely had to satisfy her needs.

After she returned to the village, Xiao Xiao grown even faster, which showed that the Old Ancestor was truly recovering.

Now, Xiao Xiao was a young woman who didn’t look different from the Old Ancestor, it was just that her temperament was different.

The Xiao Xiao in Yang Kai’s Small Universe was innocent and inexperienced, unlike the Old Ancestor who had gone through the vicissitudes of life.

Yang Kai supposed it was the reason she had sealed off her memory.

This life was the catalyst in helping her recuperate.

While everything was going well for the Old Ancestor, the East-West Army in the outside world never gave up on attacking the Royal City.

Half a year ago, the East-West Army launched its third attack on the Royal City.

After several years of accumulation, the East-West Army had mined a lot of resources; however, before Liu Zhi Ping could put those resources to good use, they were all swiped by Xiang Shan and sent to the Artifact Refiners and Array Masters to arrange arrays.

This time, the East-West Army had set up more than 10 Universe Worlds, which consumed all of the resources they had accumulated over the years.

Liu Zhi Ping was speechless. She finally realised that Xiang Shan didn’t care whatsoever about numbers as all he saw was the Royal City. Regardless of how many resources there were, he would squander them away in a short time.

If she hadn’t intercepted some of the resources, the soldiers in the East-West Army wouldn’t have anything left to cultivate with after the battle ended.

Even without the portion she reserved though, the materials they had collected over the years were still enough for the East-West Army to prepare more than 10 Universe Worlds.

Things were not so different from when they launched an attack on the Royal City for the second time back then.

The East-West Army, which had remained dormant for several years, suddenly mobilized, their Warships rising into the air and inching closer to the Royal City.

Although the Territory Lords had experienced this before and expected it to happen again, they were still both shocked and furious when they saw it playing out just as before.

They were also astonished that the Humans could launch an attack again so soon. They knew that the Humans had been mining many Universe Worlds over the years, so it was apparent that the latter didn’t have sufficient resources. They initially thought that it would take them at least 10 to 20 years for them to gather enough to launch another assault, so the Royal City would enjoy some peace for a while.

Nevertheless, it had only been 5 years since the last time the Humans attacked the Royal City.

They were furious because the Humans were so haughty that they didn’t even change their tactics at all. Things were going just like what had happened previously.

The Humans were basically telling them that they would attack the Royal City from the left side while the Universe Worlds would fly at them from the right side. Now, the ball was in the Black Ink Clan’s court.

But what else could the Black Ink Clan do? Just like what happened previously, they had to split their forces to defend both sides.

30% of them would form up on the right flank to ward off the incoming Universe Worlds while 70% of them would remain on the left to prevent the Humans from invading their city.

Nothing had changed. It was as though they had gone back to five years ago.

Since they were well prepared, the Territory Lords on the right side of the Royal City could detect the Universe Worlds sooner than the last time.

In the meantime, the East-West Army reached a place that was only 10 million kilometres away from the Royal City. The timing was precise as the Humans managed to make sure that the Black Ink Clan would be distracted.

The Black Ink Clansmen on the right flank started sending out attacks towards the Universe Worlds, which had traveled a great distance through the void and were coming right at the Royal City.

Black Ink Strength dyed the void dark as the lights of Secret Techniques cast by the Black Ink Disciples expanded.

The Universe Worlds were subsequently shattered, but every Universe World was full of arrays, and the universe fragments scattered around as the arrays were activated. At that instant, the void on the right side of the Royal City was filled with bright colours, as though fireworks had been set off.

Beneath the facade of this magnificent view, more and more Black Ink Clansmen, who did their best to intercept the Universe Worlds, lost their lives.

30% of the Black Ink Clansmen and their subordinates were on the right side, including more than 10 Territory Lords, twice that number of Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples, and even more Feudal Lords. However, the moment they clashed with the Universe Worlds, they were unable to fully fend them off regardless of how hard they tried.

There were even more Universe Worlds this time than previously, and as the powers of those strange arrays exploded, the Black Ink Clansmen were caught off guard.

The most powerful Black Ink Clansmen were unable to stop the Universe Worlds alone, so they could only order the weaker Black Ink Clansmen to block them.

Previously, there was a universe fragment that struck the Royal City, which caused the Royal Lord’s healing to be disturbed. Faced with the latter’s burning fury, the Black Ink Clansmen were horrified.

None of them were willing to experience the Royal Lord’s wrath again, so they would rather sacrifice their lives than fail this time.

Countless Black Ink Clansmen charged forward like moths to a flame and somehow managed to intercept those universe fragments. The Territory Lords roared while the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples went all out.

Compared to their comrades on the right side, the Black Ink Clansmen on the left side were rather safe at this moment.

All of them were glaring at the Humans who were inching closer to the Royal City in their Warships. As they listened to their clansmen groan and shriek before their death, they felt truly vexed.

Undoubtedly, Che Kong was the most furious of them all.

He had suffered a setback previously. Initially, he thought that the Humans would seize the chance and launch an attack, but surprisingly, the Humans only launched one barrage from a safe distance and then ran away. The Black Ink Clansmen didn’t even manage to counterattack at all.

This was undoubtedly the most vexing situation on the battlefield when one was hit, but could not hit back.

Therefore, Che Kong decided that they would make a move before the Humans did this time.

As long as the Human Warships were close enough, the Black Ink Clan would launch a series of attacks and make them pay the price for what had happened previously.

Both parties were less than 10 million kilometres apart, so the Territory Lords and the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were already able to make a move, but that wasn’t enough. The Territory Lords and the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were both the pillars of strength on their respective sides, but although they were powerful, there were not a lot of them.

Therefore, they had to wait for the Humans to come to a place that was only 5 million kilometres away so that the Feudal Lords could make a move as well and retaliate against the Humans.

[They’re getting closer!]

Che Kong’s order was on the tip of his tongue. As soon as the Humans moved forward for another million kilometres, he would teach them a lesson.

Just then though, the Human Warships abruptly stopped and started withdrawing. They were so swift that they had moved backward a million kilometres in the blink of an eye, and the next instant, they were already 10 million kilometres away.

Che Kong widened his eyes in disbelief. He was so enraged that he almost spat blood, but he had no way to vent his fury.

He felt as if he had gotten ready by lifting a hammer, but his target had run away all of a sudden before he could swing it down.

“Bastards! I’ll kill all of you!”

Che Kong’s angry roar reverberated across the entire void.