Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5242 - 5242 – Why Is the Old Ancestor Wearing Mourning Robes?

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai had come into contact with several Old Ancestors before. In comparison, he felt most at ease with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao. It could even be said that he didn’t feel pressured at all when he was with her.

Perhaps this had something to do with the uniqueness of her Secret Art. She needed the help of the Bustling World Essence when she recuperated, so her personality was more related to it as well.

Since she constantly immersed herself in the Bustling World, she naturally wouldn’t become aloof to mundane matters.

“Do you think reincarnation exists in this World?” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao suddenly asked.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

After giving it a thought, Yang Kai replied, “Since I’ve never experienced it before, I wouldn’t dare to jump to an unfounded conclusion.”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao chuckled and stopped asking. As she looked up at the sky, she said, “I’ll take my leave now.”

The next instant, she shot into the sky.

At this point, it had been an entire month since the hunter and his Wife’s death in the Small Universe.

Presently, many Territory Lords in the Royal City sported ugly expressions. This couldn’t be helped, as the Humans were mobilizing again.

They remembered each and every attack the Humans had launched on the Royal City, and with every mobilisation came the harassment of the weaponized Universe Worlds. Furthermore, the Humans would only approach the Royal City every time to pressure them, but the Black Ink Clan’s one million soldiers would all still have to respond as if battle was imminent. They had no choice but to send forces to block those Universe Worlds and the Human Army.

Over the years, a staggering number of Black Ink Clansmen had lost their lives to those Universe Worlds.

It was expected that all of the Black Ink Clansmen were vexed.

They were fine with being killed by the Humans on the battlefield. Dying in battle was an honour for the Humans, and it was the same for the Black Ink Clan; however, their deaths were practically valueless as they were killed by the Spirit Arrays on those Universe Worlds. The Black Ink Clan defenders had never even made contact with the Humans.

The Humans had been shamelessly using this tactic for the past 20 to 30 years. They didn’t even bother with putting on a pretence now, and there were no signs of them changing strategy any time soon.

The Black Ink Clan didn’t have a way to solve this problem. They couldn’t ignore the Universe Worlds or the Human Army that simply pretended to attack the Royal City, for both of them could potentially cause catastrophic damage if left alone.

The Black Ink Clan had to deal with both sides, so they had been led by the nose over the years, falling into a completely passive position.

Presently, Che Kong was standing on the deck of a large ship as he looked towards the left side of the Royal City.

The fleet of Human Warships was coming at them in a menacing manner, as though they were determined to destroy the Black Ink Clan.

Nevertheless, Che Kong wore a dispassionate expression.

For the first two times when he saw such a sight, he would give a flurry of orders and mobilise the Black Ink Clan soldiers in preparation.

However, he had become somewhat desensitized after experiencing this same scene so many times.

That was because he knew that the Humans wouldn’t really try to invade the Royal City; they were just putting on a pretence by forming into a Battle Formation.

What they were trying to achieve was to tie 70% of the Black Ink Clan Army down.

Apart from Che Kong, the other Territory Lords and Black Ink Clan soldiers had become apathetic as well. They hadn’t directly clashed with the Humans for the past 30,000 years, and as soon as both parties came into contact, they realised that the Humans were more shameless and despicable then the stories that had been passed down from their ancestors.

As the Black Ink Clansmen watched intently, the fleet of Warships driven by Humans crept closer to the Royal City. Presently, the Warships were only a bit more than 10 million kilometres away.

Based on past experiences, the Universe Worlds would be appeared about now. When the Human soldiers reached a spot that was 10 million kilometres away from the Royal City, the Black Ink Clan would have to start attacking the incoming Universe Worlds.

By then, the Humans would either directly retreat or launch a round of attacks before running away. There wouldn’t be anything new.

“What’s the situation? How many Universe Worlds have they prepared this time?” Che Kong asked the Territory Lord beside him as he gazed at the fleet of Warships.

They had experienced the same thing many times before, so although they were unable to fully resolve it, they had come up with some tactics to deal with this situation.

They could make some arrangements in advance by sending out scouts to find out how many Universe Worlds were coming at them so that the soldiers around the Royal City could get psychologically prepared.

This wasn’t a difficult task for the Black Ink Clan.

Upon hearing Che Kong’s question, the Territory Lord, who looked like a female, replied, “I was just informed that the Humans have sent six Universe Worlds towards the Royal City this time.”

“Six Universe Worlds?” Che Kong frowned, “Are you sure?”

Other than the initial probing attack, the Humans had never used such a small amount of Universe Worlds to attack the Royal City. During the first real attack, they had used 10 Universe Worlds. If there were too few Universe Worlds, it wouldn’t pose a threat to the Black Ink Clan.

The female Territory Lords shook her head, “A single Feudal Lord might be mistaken, but it’s not likely that five Feudal Lords to all be mistaken.”

Che Kong fell into his thoughts.

Since several Feudal Lords had left to gather information at the same time, there was no way their information was inaccurate.

“It has only been a few years since they last launched an attack on the Royal City. They might not have enough resources to set up the Spirit Arrays. Six Universe Worlds might be their limit this time,” the female Territory Lord said.

Certainly, Che Kong understood that; however, if the Humans didn’t have enough resources, why didn’t they just wait a few more years? They could have prepared even more Universe Worlds by collecting sufficient resources first.

The Humans’ unusual approach this time made him feel ill at ease.

“Tell them not to let their guard down. The Humans’ behaviour is a little unusual this time. Perhaps they have some other plot.”

The female Territory Lord nodded and waved her hand, after which a Feudal Lord approached her. She spoke to the Territory Lord, who then left in a hurry and passed on her order to the right flank of the Royal City.

Meanwhile, the Black Ink Clan soldiers on the right side of the Royal City could see that the Universe Worlds were flying towards them from the void.

The Universe Worlds were rapidly moving across the void. Perhaps the Humans knew that they couldn’t hide the Universe Worlds from the Black Ink Clan, so they had stopped wasting any resources to arrange any Spirit Arrays to conceal the them since the third attack. That way, all the Universe Worlds that were coming at the Royal City were as bright as the Great Suns. Although they were still millions of kilometres away, they were flying towards the Royal City in an intimidating manner.

Before those Universe Worlds even arrived, many of the Black Ink Clan soldiers gulped. Based on past experiences, every time the Humans attacked, a large number of the Black Ink Clansmen would lose their lives. Although dying to Humans on the battlefield was an honourable sacrifice, it didn’t mean they were willing to be slaughtered by these Universe Worlds covered in Spirit Arrays.

On the other hand, the Territory Lords in this place were at ease, for they had already successfully intercepted 18 Universe Worlds in a single attack before, thus ensuring the safety of the Royal City.

With that said, they had paid a huge price to achieve that victory.

Since there were only six Universe Worlds this time, it would be effortless for them to defend the Royal City.

On the left side of the Royal City, the Human Warships were only 12 million kilometres away.

The unease that Che Kong felt intensified.

This kind of unease came out of nowhere, be he was still deeply concerned.

He paid close attention to both sides of the Royal City so that he wouldn’t miss any anomalies; however, regardless of how hard he looked, he couldn’t detect anything unusual.

He was informed by the clansmen from the right flank that there were indeed only six approaching Universe Worlds. On the other hand, the Human Warships were inching closer to the left side of the Royal City. It was estimated that by the time the Universe Worlds struck, the Humans would have reached a spot that was 10 million kilometres away from the Royal City.

The Humans would always do this without fail, and their timing was annoyingly precise.

Since there were no anomalies on either of the sides, why did Che Kong feel ill at ease at this point?

Just then, he detected an anomaly from the corner of his eye. He promptly turned to look in the direction where the Humans’ forward base was located.

There seemed to be a ray of light that was coming at the Royal City at an unimaginable speed.

This kind of speed couldn’t be achieved by a mere Territory Lord or Eighth-Order Masters.

Che Kong detected that ray of light just as it emerged from the Humans’ forward base, but in the blink of an eye, it had moved across millions of kilometres and was growing closer at an astonishing rate.

In just several breaths of time, the ray of light became as dazzling as the Sun. At the same time, a terrifying pressure could be felt coming from the light.

Che Kong felt his chest tightening as he exclaimed, “It’s the Old Ancestor!”

By the time he finished speaking, the ray of light from the Humans’ forward base had turned into a gigantic blade. There seemed to be an invisible hand that was holding the blade and slashing at the Royal City.

Space trembled, and the universe destabilised.

Faced with this sudden attack, all the Black Ink Clansmen felt cold all over their bodies, as though they were about to lose their lives.

Time seemed to have frozen at that instant. Regardless of how bright the light was, it couldn’t conceal the stunning beauty within it.

At that moment, both the Black Ink Clan soldiers and the Human soldiers found their eyes drawn to that figure.

It was a figure who was wearing all white clothes with a piece of white cloth wrapped around her forehead.

It was said that women looked best in white clothes. Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, who was already astonishingly beautiful to begin with, stunned the Black Ink Clan the moment she appeared in the void with that outfit. Besides them, the Humans were dumbfounded as well.

At this moment, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was pointing two fingers at the Royal City, swinging the gigantic blade that was the manifestation of her power down towards it.

On the deck of the Purifying Black Ink Battleship, Xiang Shan, who had always been a calm and collected man, couldn’t help gawking.

Liu Zhi Ping covered her lips in disbelief.

The Eighth-Order Division Commander beside them felt the corner of his brow twitching as he muttered, “Why is the Old Ancestor wearing mourning robes?”

They were familiar with the clothes that the Old Ancestor was wearing as those were clearly mourning robes. One would only put on such clothes when their relatives passed away; however, no one in the world would be important enough to let the Old Ancestor wear mourning robes after they passed away.

The two Army Commanders, the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, and the other Human soldiers were all puzzled; after all, the Old Ancestor was already one of the most powerful cultivators in the entire Human Race. Be it her age, cultivation, or seniority, she was at the peak of everything. Even if a Junior from her Sect had passed away, she didn’t have to put on such clothes.

Certainly, the Old Ancestor didn’t have any Elders either as they should have all passed on by now.

The Eighth-Order Division Commander suddenly had an odd idea as he thought of a possibility, “Could it be that Yang Kai has lost his life?”

The Old Ancestor had been recuperating in Yang Kai’s Small Universe, so if he had perished due to an accident in the process, it was possible that the Old Ancestor would put on such clothes to express her regret.

“What nonsense are you spouting?” Liu Zhi Ping glared at the Eighth-Order Division Commander.

Even if Yang Kai had really passed on due to an accident when the Old Ancestor was recuperating, it still couldn’t explain why she was wearing mourning robes.

It seemed something they couldn’t understand must have happened during the Old Ancestor’s recuperation.