Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5243 - 5243 – It’s Serious This Time

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Dawning Light was located on the far side of the fleet, so it could be said that the Warship was near the outer flank.

In such a location, once a battle broke out, they would be in a more perilous situation than the Warships closer to the centre because they could be attacked and encircled by the Black Ink Clan first.

Certainly, the leaders had intentionally made such an arrangement. Dawn was a Special Operations Squad and was exceptionally powerful, while Dawning Light was significantly sturdier than other Squad Class Warships. It was expected that they would be tasked with dealing with the Black Ink Clan first.

The moment the Old Ancestor appeared, the members of Dawn were dumbfounded and rendered speechless.

Just then, a fluctuation was felt coming from the Space Array on Dawning Light. Feng Ying turned her head and saw a familiar figure stepping out of the array.

“Squad Leader!” She exclaimed with joy. The other members greeted him as well.

Over the years, Yang Kai had been helping the Old Ancestor to recuperate, so he hadn’t shown up all this time. Although Feng Ying was there to lead Dawn, they just felt that something was missing.

It wasn’t until Yang Kai appeared that the feeling was gone.

Wherever Humans gathered together, they would need a pillar of strength, and to the members of Dawn, Yang Kai was that pillar.

Yang Kai nodded lightly and moved towards the deck. As he looked intently, he couldn’t help but give a nod.

It seemed that the Black Ink Clan had run out of luck this time. The Old Ancestor was going all out the moment she appeared. It was apparent that she was in a terrible mood, so she wanted to vent it all out.

Although her power had been restored and her memory had been unsealed, she would never forget the 100-year life she had experienced in Yang Kai’s Small Universe.

As Xiao Xiao, she naturally wouldn’t be in a good mood after her parents, who had taken care of her all their lives, passed away.

“What happened to the Old Ancestor? Has one of her relatives passed away?” Feng Ying voiced the doubts of those members on the deck.

“It’s a long story,” Yang Kai wasn’t even sure how to explain. What’s more, this matter was something deeply personal and intimate to the Old Ancestor, so he couldn’t just reveal it as he pleased.

“Has the Old Ancestor recovered?” Qi Tai Chu asked, as that was the most pressing issue for the Humans now.

They were aware that the Old Ancestor was recuperating, and they had already estimated how long it would take her to recover.

Although there wasn’t a clear answer, they all agreed that it would take her many decades to 100 years to recover. Some of the soldiers came from Yin-Yang Pass, so they knew better than the others about how the Old Ancestor healed.

They were the ones who speculated that it would take her up to 200 years to fully recover.

Therefore, everyone believed that it would be at least 50 years before the Old Ancestor made a move again.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

None of them had expected that the Old Ancestor would finish her recovery barely 30 years later, or that the moment she showed up, she would launch a fierce attack on the Royal City.

“She’s fine,” Yang Kai replied.

Feng Ying’s eyes brightened, “Does that mean that it’s serious this time?”

Several tens of thousands of soldiers of the East-West Army had been mobilised many times over the past 20 years to attack the Royal City; however, they would only put on a pretence each time. There was no doubt that it was a clever tactic, and the Black Ink Clan had suffered a lot of hardship because of that, but the Humans yearned to clash with the Black Ink Clan on the battlefield to let the latter know their fury and strength.

They had been waiting for the war to really start for the past 30 years.

They had been waiting for this day since they stepped into Black Ink Clan’s territory in the Great Evolution Theatre.

Yang Kai nodded, “Since the Old Ancestor has made a move, there’s no way we’ll go home without achieving anything!”

They exchanged glances with excitement all over their faces.

Other than the members of Dawn, the soldiers on the other Warships were equally thrilled.

In fact, the moment the Old Ancestor showed up and attacked the Royal City, everyone knew that they weren’t going to just put up a pretence this time; they would be directly clashing with the Black Ink Clan.

All the soldiers made ready for battle.

Only a moment had passed as the gigantic blade solidified and slashed at the Royal City.

Before the attack even arrived, a terrifying pressure engulfed the entire Royal City. The Black Ink Clansmen on both sides of the Royal City were horrified. Covered in this pressure, the weaker Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen were unable to resist and began bleeding black blood from all over their bodies, as if it was being squeezed out of them. In the blink of an eye, these weaker Black Ink Clansmen exploded into black mists.

The High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen were in better condition, but they still found it hard to even move freely.

Only the Feudal Lords and the Territory Lords were able to resist the terrifying pressure.

The gigantic blade slashed towards the huge Black Ink Nest in the centre of the Royal City.

This was the foundation of the Black Ink Clan in the Great Evolution Theatre; as long as this Black Ink Nest was destroyed, the transmission of information between the Black Ink Clan would cease, and they would be unable to produce any new Black Ink Clansmen. If the Humans could destroy the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest first, victory would be assured. Then, by killing the remaining Black Ink Clansmen, they would be able to fully occupy the Great Evolution Theatre.

By then, the entire Theatre would fall into the Humans’ hands. Since the beginning of the war between the two Races, no Great Pass had ever achieved such a feat before. If Great Evolution Army could achieve this, it would be a turning point forever recorded in the annals of history.

As the soldiers of the two Races watched intently, the gigantic blade was forcefully brought down.

Just when it was about to come into contact with the Black Ink Nest, a roar reverberated across the void, “Impudence!”

Following the roar, a dark hand stuck out from the Black Ink Nest all of a sudden and grabbed the blade.

The gigantic hand was made of pure Black Ink Strength, and the veins on it were so clearly defined that it appeared completely real.

The moment the dark hand appeared, the Royal Lord’s Will permeated the void.

Since Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao wanted to destroy the Black Ink Nest, there was no way the Royal Lord, who was recuperating inside it, would be oblivious to the attack. He awakened in an instant and promptly reacted to the threat.

Ultimately, the blade didn’t manage to strike the Black Ink Nest as it was grasped by the dark hand. The powers of the Royal Lord and the Old Ancestor clashed as the dazzling light expanded.

Darkness and light were locked in confrontation above the Royal City. After a short deadlock, the dazzling light pressed down again while the dark hand was forced lower, as though it was unable to resist the blade as it inched closer to the Black Ink Nest.

All the Black Ink Clansmen felt their hearts leaping to their throats, for the sight suggested that the Royal Lord was at a disadvantage.

The Black Ink Clansmen were horrified, for if the Royal Lord couldn’t resist this attack, his Black Ink Nest would be destroyed. Once that happened, regardless of how many Black Ink Clansmen there were, they would be like a tree without roots, or a river without a source. All of them would die sooner or later, with no hope for the future.

Just as the Black Ink Clansmen were growing anxious, even more Black Ink Strength billowed from the Black Ink Nest and streamed into the dark hand.

With this new wave of Black Ink Strength’s help, the dark hand, which was originally being forced back, steadied itself. Not only did it get out of the disadvantageous position though, but it even started pushing the enemy back.

The Black Ink Clansmen were ecstatic.

This situation suggested that the Royal Lord was only temporarily at a disadvantage after the sneak attack. Since he had rallied his strength, there was no way the Old Ancestor was a match for him.

After all, a Royal Lord who was close to his Black Ink Nest could make use of the Black Ink Nest’s power and exhibit strength beyond what he normally could.

The clash between the blade and the dark hand soon ended. As the dark hand tightened its grip, the blade shattered and scattered into wisps of light.

As the blade disappeared, the Old Ancestor turned into a ray of light and charged towards the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest.

The enraged Royal Lord flew out, and the two figures, one big and one small, clashed above the Royal City, shaking the Heavens and shattering the Earth.

Unlike their previous exchange, the Royal Lord had gone all out right from the start.

This couldn’t be helped, as the Royal City was literally right behind him. He had to ward off the Old Ancestor at all costs and make sure that his Black Ink Nest was not damaged.

Thrown into this intense battle, the Royal Lord was infuriated.

He had never expected that the Old Ancestor would come spoiling for a fight so soon.

He had only exchanged moves with the other party once in the past. Although he had suffered a setback in that battle, he was generally fine. After obtaining some information from the Royal Lord in the Yin-Yang Theatre, he learned a lot about the female Old Ancestor. On the other hand, the Old Ancestor knew next to nothing about him.

Therefore, after the previous battle, he concluded that it would take this Old Ancestor at least 200 years to recuperate before she staged a comeback.

200 years was enough for him to fully recover with the help of his Black Ink Nest. By then, he would be able to catch the Old Ancestor off guard.

How could he have anticipated that the Old Ancestor came attacking him again barely 20 to 30 years later?

[Has she fully recovered? Wouldn’t it damage her foundation if she frequently makes a move without healing first?]

From what he had gathered, the Old Ancestor from Yin-Yang Pass cultivated a unique Secret Art, and it was extremely difficult for her to recuperate once injured. It seemed impossible that she could recover in such a short time.

However, their brief exchange just now had astounded him.

If not for him drawing on the Black Ink Nest’s strength, he wouldn’t have been able to block the Old Ancestor’s attack given his current state. As a result, the energy inside the Black Ink Nest, which was sufficient for him to use for the next 10 years, had been used up in just over 10 breaths of time.

Now, the Black Ink Nest was just an empty husk with no energy to spare.

But soon, he realised that his judgement was wrong as the Old Ancestor hadn’t fully recovered. That was because, during their subsequent clashes, he could sense that the Old Ancestor was occasionally sluggish when she activated her strength.

This was a sign that she was still injured. Although she had been trying her best to conceal it, he could still sense it.

This allowed him to feel slightly more at ease.

It would have been a catastrophe for the Black Ink Clan if this Old Ancestor could really recover so quickly. Now, she was just concealing her injury using some kind of Secret Technique. She was practically digging her own grave.

The backlash from using such a technique, on top of her own injuries would cause serious damage to her in the long run.

Both of them still hadn’t recovered from their injuries, so neither held an advantageous position.

It was just the Royal Lord’s speculation in the beginning, but as the battle dragged on, he became certain of his judgement.

There was no way that the Old Ancestor had fully recovered. Although she still fought as fiercely as the last time, she was unable to conceal the fact that she was not at the peak of her power.

In the beginning, the Royal Lord was at a disadvantage, but as time passed, they became equally matched. A while later, the Old Ancestor was at a disadvantageous position instead.

The Royal Lord acted relentlessly, for this was the best chance for him to injure or even kill his opponent, so he wouldn’t let it slip through his fingers.