Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5244 - 5244 – Trouble

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Now, it seemed that the Old Ancestor was trying to suppress the injury she had previously suffered from. Her intention was to destroy the Black Ink Nest when the Royal Lord was recuperating, but she hadn’t expected that the latter would counterattack so quickly. At that moment though, it was impossible for her to just stop halfway.

With that said, even though the Royal Lord had gained the upper hand, he was unable to obtain a decisive advantage.

This couldn’t be helped, as these two most powerful Masters were fighting against each other above the Royal City. While the Old Ancestor had no qualms about unleashing all her power, the Royal Lord couldn’t do that. He had to protect his Black Ink Nest; therefore, not only did he have to deal with his opponent, but he also had to divert some of his strength and attention to block the fallout of their clash.

A Black Ink Nest was surprisingly fragile and defenceless, so even the fallout from a high-level battle could destroy it.

With such a restraint, it would be extremely difficult for the Royal Lord to expand his advantage.

However, he soon found a solution for it. He secretly gave an order, after which three Territory Lords led seven Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples to return from the right side of the Royal City and protect the Black Ink Nest.

With the presence of three Territory Lords and seven Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples, 10 powerful Masters on par with Eighth-Order Division Commanders, they could easily ward off all the fallout and ensure the Black Ink Nest’s safety.

The reason the Royal Lord made such an arrangement was that he realised it didn’t require so many powerful Black Ink Clansmen to protect the right side of the city; after all, there were only six Universe Worlds this time, so it was fine to get ten of them to come over and protect the High-Rank Black Ink Nest. The rest of them could still deal with the Universe Worlds.

In the meantime, many Feudal Lords streamed into the Black Ink Nest and arrived at the Black Ink Pool. After fishing out all their materials from their Space Rings, they poured them into the Black Ink Pool.

Regardless of their Orders, the materials were directly absorbed by the Black Ink Pool and turned into pure Black Ink Strength.

That way, as long as the Royal Lord was still in the vicinity of the Royal City, he could make use of the Black Ink Nest to strengthen his power. As Black Ink Strength continuously billowed from the Black Ink Nest, the Royal Lord grew increasingly confident and was no longer flustered like he had been at the start of the battle.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao repeatedly attempted to break through his blockade and attack the Black Ink Nest, but he managed to block all her attacks.

As the Humans watched this sight, they secretly grew anxious.

None of them could have expected that the Old Ancestor would be at a disadvantage upon clashing with the Royal Lord. Despite that, the Human Race Army never stopped moving forward as they headed straight towards the Royal City.

On the deck of the Dawning Light, Yang Kai, who was intently watching the fight, furrowed his brow.

This scenario was playing out differently from what he had expected.

What puzzled him was that the Old Ancestor was slightly sluggish when she activated her power. Although they were far apart, he could still sense it as the Old Ancestor was extremely powerful to begin with.

He was very familiar with that kind of sluggishness, and knew it meant that a cultivator was injured.

Nevertheless, he was certain the Old Ancestor had fully recovered, so she hadn’t suffered a setback during the exchange of moves. How was it possible that she was suddenly injured again?

The only possibility he could think up was that the Old Ancestor was deliberately doing this to deceive her opponent.

Yang Kai wasn’t interested in speculating about the Old Ancestor’s intentions; however, since she was pretending to be injured, it suggested that everything was well within her control. Therefore, even though she appeared to be at a disadvantage, she must be secretly carrying out her plan.

Only a cup of tea’s time had passed since the Old Ancestor appeared and brought down her blade. The Royal Lord managed to intercept her attack in time, and they subsequently engaged in an intense battle.

Above the Royal City, the Old Ancestor was as menacing as ever, while on the other hand, the Black Ink Nest, which had been replenished with Black Ink Strength, continuously aided the Royal Lord, allowing him to act increasingly boldly.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao seemed to realize that the battle couldn’t be dragged out. If she wanted to destroy the Black Ink Nest, she had to circumvent the Royal Lord; however, she couldn’t ignore the Royal Lord, who was assisted by the Black Ink Nest’s power.

Hence, after a moment of deadlock, she decided to retreat.

The Royal Lord quickly chased after her, as though he was determined to stop her from fleeing.

The Black Ink Clansmen on the right side of the Royal City were dumbfounded.

This couldn’t be helped, as these two most powerful Masters soon arrived at their location.

Earlier, these weak Black Ink Clansmen already felt immensely pressured when facing the fallout of the battle, but now that these two were fighting right above their heads, how were they supposed to cope?

The Royal Lord was furious as had figured out the Old Ancestor’s intention. It was apparent that she was trying to make use of the Black Ink Clansmen to force him to act cautiously lest the innocent be hurt.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Certainly, the Royal Lord wouldn’t grant her wish. As he chased after her, his attacks were still as violent as ever. The life or death of these Black Ink Clansmen didn’t concern him.

To him, the Old Ancestor was his only enemy, and as long as he could kill her today, it would be fine even if all of his subordinates perished in the process.

As their powers clashed, the 300,000 or so Black Ink Clansmen on the right side of the Royal City were thrown into chaos. Many of them were injured or even killed. As the fallout of the epic clash swept across the void, even some of the unlucky Feudal Lords lost their lives, not to mention the High-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen.

The Territory Lords were even more furious than the Royal Lord, for the deceased Black Ink Clansmen were their subordinates. Without those subordinates, they would be leaders without any followers.

Some of the Territory Lords ran away and led their subordinates to leave this area lest more casualties were caused while other Territory Lords charged towards Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao along with their Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples.

The battle between the Old Ancestor and the Royal Lord was intimidating, and the average person would never be able to have a hand in it; however, the Territory Lords and the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples were powerful enough to do that.

The Old Ancestor had to take a huge risk by trying to restrain the Royal Lord with the Black Ink Clansmen. As she was all on her own now, she was destined to be surrounded by her enemies.

With that said, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had already expected this. Before the Black Ink Clansmen could close in on her, she raised her hand and took out a medallion, which rapidly expanded into an invisible shield that surrounded her.

The Royal Lord’s horrifying attack as well as the Secret Techniques of those Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples struck the shield, causing it to ripple and dim.

It was apparent that the medallion that the Old Ancestor had summoned was quite precious. Despite that, most of its spirituality was lost very quickly.

However, with the help of the momentary protection, she performed a set of hand seals and chanted, “From Chaos, Yin and Yang are Born!”

As World Force undulated, a gigantic Yin-Yang Fish pattern expanded and engulfed the surrounding 300,000 Black Ink Clansmen.

At that instant, Yin and Yang manifested.

At the same time, countless strange-looking silk threads spread across the Yin-Yang Fish. Those silk threads appeared as light as feathers, but the instant they penetrated the Black Ink Clansmen, they became razor-sharp, easily cutting them into innumerable pieces.

The aura of death engulfed the entire void.

In just three breaths of time, the shield around the Old Ancestor was shattered, and at that instant, she extended her hand and grasped something.

An Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple, who had been eager to make a contribution, froze as though he had been clenched by an immense force, his face filling with horror.

When he looked down, he realised that his legs had been tied by the silk threads, which quickly cut into his body.

Terrified, he hurriedly pushed the power of his Small Universe in an attempt to resist the attack.

Nevertheless, what happened next astounded him. The moment he tried to access his Small Universe, he realised that it had fallen into chaos.

He immediately inspected himself, only to see that the silk threads had broken through the barrier of his Small Universe and slashed across it like countless sharp knives.

At that instant, he came to the realisation that this was a Secret Technique that specifically targeted one’s Small Universe.

No one had a better understanding of Small Universes than the Human Old Ancestors. Moreover, the Old Ancestor before his eyes was one already an Order above him, and she had used a Secret Technique that specifically targeted the Small Universe. How was he supposed to resist?

What was laughable was that when he saw that the Old Ancestor was at a disadvantage against the Royal Lord earlier, he wanted to seize the chance and attack her.

However, instead of achieving his goal, he would most likely lose his life here.

As soon as the thought flashed through his mind, his Small Universe was cut to pieces, and his vitality rapidly left him.

An Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple indeed had a right to have a hand in the battle between the Old Ancestor and the Royal Lord, but in order to do so, they had to bear an enormous risk.

Apart from him, the other Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples faced the same situation. As they were engulfed in the Yin-Yang Fish, the silk threads broke through the barriers of their Small Universes and turned into attacks that could destroy the Heavens and shatter the Earth. Their Small Universes were soon devastated.

Faced with this attack, these Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples had no other choice but to stop in their tracks and focused on resisting the invasive Secret Technique.

The Territory Lords didn’t have Small Universes, so they wouldn’t be targeted by the Secret Technique, but naturally the profound Secret Technique that the Old Ancestor had cast wouldn’t only work on Small Universes.

Those silk threads were plenty destructive in their own right.

The Territory Lords were soon wounded as their black blood scattered around the void. Regardless, they still relentlessly charged towards the Old Ancestor in an attempt to join forces and slay her.

The Royal Lord had never stopped his assault, and faced with the series of violent attacks, the Old Ancestor wouldn’t dare to be negligent.

Nevertheless, hovering within this Yin-Yang Fish, the Old Ancestor was evidently more agile and sensitive to her surroundings. She moved so elusively that even the Royal Lord found it hard to hit her.

10 breaths after the Yin-Yang Fish appeared, countless Black Ink Clansmen had lost their lives, while all the Territory Lords were wounded and the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples were struggling to save themselves.

However, with the absolute advantage in numbers on their side, these powerful Black Ink Clansmen eventually joined forces with the Royal Lord and besieged the Old Ancestor.

Just then, the Old Ancestor, who was wearing mourning robes, flashed a cunning smile. The next instant, she sank into the Yin-Yang Fish and disappeared.

The Secret Technique that the Royal Lord sent out completely missed its target.

Stunned, he soon turned to look in a different direction and widened his eyes.

That was the left side of the Royal City where 70% of the Black Ink Clan Army was located.

The Territory Lords on the left side had watched as the Old Ancestor attempted to attack the Black Ink Nest and subsequently got into a fight with the powerful Black Ink Clansmen on the right side of the city.

Although they wanted to help out, they could only remain in place as the Human soldiers were still creeping closer to the Royal City. They couldn’t do anything else other than stand their ground.

Little did they know that their inaction would soon bring them trouble.