Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5259, Consecutive Kills

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Violent explosions burst forth as the World Force and Black Ink Strength clashed. The space around the Royal City warped and cracked under the weight of the clash.

Although these two top Masters had exchanged moves on several occasions near the Royal City over the past 100 years, the battle on this day was by far the most intense.

Both the Humans and Black Ink Clansmen were acutely aware that this was a life-and-death battle.

What terrified the Black Ink Clansmen was that even though the Royal Lord had the support of the Black Ink Nest, he was still at a clear disadvantage.

This was hard for the Black Ink Clan to accept.

One had to know that with the Black Ink Nest’s help, the Royal Lord could use a much greater power than normal. It could be said that as long as the Royal Lord was within the Black Ink Nest’s range of coverage, no Old Ancestor would be a match for him.

However, it was the complete opposite now.

There was nothing wrong with the Black Ink Nest. Over the years, whenever a battle broke out, there would always be two or three Territory Lords or Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples who stayed back to prevent the Humans from launching a sneak attack and ward off the fallout of the battle between the two top Masters so that the High-Rank Black Ink Nest wouldn’t be harmed. At the same time, countless resources would be poured into the Black Ink Pool to be turned into energy and absorbed by the Black Ink Nest.

The Royal Lord was the problem here.

His injuries were too severe, so even though he had the Black Ink Nest’s help now, he still couldn’t match the Old Ancestor.

If the Royal Lord was killed, how would the rest of the Black Ink Clansmen survive?

After a brief moment of fear and unease, the Black Ink Clan soldiers became even more fierce. The fact that the Royal Lord was at a disadvantage didn’t make them lose the courage to resist; instead, their survival instincts had been ignited.

The leaders of the East-West Army sensitively noticed this. Xiang Shan and Liu Zhi Ping promptly ordered the Human soldiers to put more emphasis on defence so that they could persevere in a prolonged fight with the Black Ink Clan soldiers.

Profound forces undulated as the two Armies clashed. Impacted by the battle between the two top Masters, the Void itself became shattered.

The Royal Lord was in an increasingly battered state. Although he was at a disadvantage, with the help of the Black Ink Nest, he was still someone who was difficult to deal with. The Old Ancestor had launched several fatal attacks, but her attempts proved futile. Instead, she was almost badly injured when the Royal Lord seized a chance to counterattack.

This made her realise she had to be extra careful when dealing with this opponent.

She knew that a Royal Lord was the most powerful Master in the Black Ink Clan who was on an equal footing with an Old Ancestor, so it wasn’t easy to kill one. Nevertheless, this chance was hard to come by. She had spent 100 years trying to shape the outcome of the war, so it would be such a shame if she failed at the last moment.

Therefore, she had to give it a shot no matter what.

One hour later, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao finally found a chance. Just as the Black Ink Nest seemed to stop operating smoothly for a brief moment, she cast a Divine Ability at the Royal Lord.

An unprepared Royal Lord was struck by the Divine Ability and in an instant, he was engulfed in a dazzling light.

At the same time, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao grunted as blood spurted from her lips.

It wasn’t a pretence this time. When she exchanged moves with the Royal Lord in the past, she showed signs of being injured on several occasions, but those were mostly just acts she put on.

This time, she was really hurt. The moment she made a move, the Royal Lord also sent out a fatal attack at her. Instead of dodging the attack, she endured it so that she wouldn’t miss the chance to kill her opponent.

As the light went out though, the Royal Lord’s figure was revealed.

A hint of disappointment flashed through Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s eyes.

The Divine Ability did not yield the result she had hoped for. Although her opponent had become even weaker, he was still able to fight.

If she kept pressuring the Royal Lord, he would be forced to engage in a mutually destructive battle. By then, she might not be able to survive.

[It should end here.] She secretly sighed. It had been 100 years since she started preparing for this day, so it was such a shame that she eventually couldn’t succeed.

With that said, it wasn’t a terrible outcome. At the very least, they had achieved the goal that Xiang Shan had set before they departed from Wind and Cloud Pass.

The two top Masters tacitly agreed to stop fighting all of a sudden, which directly influenced the two Armies that were locked in an intense battle.

The Black Ink Clan soldiers were still puzzled, but the Humans had already expected this outcome.

Therefore, the moment Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao ceased her attack, the Human Warships started retreating. Considering the fact that the Old Ancestor was watching them, the Black Ink Clan soldiers wouldn’t dare to pursue the Humans and could only let them leave even after suffering so much at their hands.

A moment later, the Humans were already several hundred thousand kilometres away. Although many of the Warships were damaged, the Humans were still a menacing force and certainly had the strength to engage in another bout.

Behind the Humans was the Old Ancestor who stood there in silence. She didn’t make a move, nor did she retreat, as though she was waiting for something.

In such silence, the Black Ink Clan Army felt smothered, as though a mountain was pressing down on them, causing them to be ill at ease.

Time passed by slowly.

A moment later, the Black Ink Clan soldiers broke into a commotion.

This couldn’t be helped, as more than 10 Universe Worlds that were full of arrays came flying at the Royal City. Presently, they could already see the gleaming arrays on those Universe Worlds, so they would arrive in no time.

About 30% of the Black Ink Clan soldiers were still on the right side of the Royal City as they didn’t take part in the previous battle. Their job had always been to intercept the Universe Worlds; that had never changed.

In fact, they had done an excellent job. Other than the first time when they accidentally let a fragment of a Universe World strike the Royal City, they managed to stop all the Universe Worlds in the following battles.

However, they had also paid a huge price for this.

Sometimes, these Universe Worlds would come quickly. They arrived at the Royal City almost at the same time as the Humans. Sometimes, they would be late, not appearing until the Humans retreated.

This was apparently part of the Humans’ strategy, which was to use these Universe Worlds to restrain the Black Ink Clan soldiers. The Humans already had fewer people on their side to begin with, so if they let the Black Ink Clan consolidate all its forces, it would be a tough fight for them.

It was the slowest this time since the Humans started using Universe Worlds to attack the Royal City.

It wasn’t certain whether it was coincidental or intentional. Both Armies had stopped attacking each other, and the two top Masters had halted their fight. It wasn’t until this moment that these Universe Worlds finally arrived.

Without any disruption, it wouldn’t be hard for these Black Ink Clansmen to intercept the Universe Worlds.

Therefore, the moment the Universe Worlds appeared, the Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples, who had stayed on the right side, started taking action.

A Territory Lord was the first one to charge forward, but as soon as he made a move, he felt a dangerous aura engulfing him.

The next instant, an immense force exploded in his mind, causing him to feel a sharp pain in his head which froze him on the spot.

Knowing that he had been attacked, the Territory Lord was astounded. Moreover, the attacker was none other than the Old Ancestor, who had remained unmoving and silent while hovering in the void.

The Territory Lord didn’t understand why the Old Ancestor had used her Spiritual Energy to attack him as her opponent was supposed to be the Royal Lord.

The two top Masters were confronting each other in silence, so supposedly, when one of them made a rash move, the other would surely react.

Therefore, even though the Territory Lord was astounded, he wasn’t afraid. That was because he believed that the Royal Lord would save him.

Unfortunately for him, he was wrong. The Royal Lord just stood there and stared at the Old Ancestor in silence. The next moment, she charged towards the Territory Lord who had been affected by her Soul Secret Technique and extended her hand, after which she easily beheaded him.

Black blood started spurting out of the Territory Lord’s neck while Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao swiftly returned to her original spot with a head in her hand. The widened eyes of this head suggested that the Territory Lord was unresigned before his death.

In the blink of an eye, a powerful Territory Lord had lost his life.

The other Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples, who were about to make a move, froze and stared vigilantly at Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, worried that she would kill them as well.

Soon, they were relieved that Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao stopped making another move after killing the first Territory Lord. She remained standing there.

If not for the fact that there was a headless corpse on the battlefield and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was holding a fresh head in her hand, all the Black Ink Clansmen would have thought that it was just an illusion.

They were all puzzled. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

They didn’t understand why the Old Ancestor had made a move all of a sudden. Since the battle had ended, why did she kill a Territory Lord at this point?

They were even more perplexed at the fact that the Royal Lord didn’t react to it at all. Given his power, it wouldn’t be hard for him to stop the Old Ancestor. However, he was just standing there, doing nothing.

The Universe Worlds were rapidly approaching, so if they didn’t stop them now, it would be too late. They would be the ones facing the Royal Lord’s wrath if the Royal City was damaged.

Therefore, even though these Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples were wary, they had no choice but to fulfil their duty.

However, the same thing happened again.

The moment they made a move, they were engulfed in a great sense of danger, which caused them to be rooted to the spot. At the same time, the Old Ancestor had disappeared.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao reappeared a moment later, as though she had never moved at all, but there was another head in her grasp.

A strange noise that suggested that another Territory Lord had lost his life was heard coming from the Black Ink Clan’s side.

This horrified the Black Ink Clan soldiers.

The two people who were killed were Territory Lords. The Old Ancestor had consecutively made a move and easily beheaded two Territory Lords. It suggested that without the Royal Lord stopping her, the Old Ancestor could kill anyone as she pleased even though she was injured.

What puzzled them was that the Royal Lord still didn’t react.

However, after the Old Ancestor made a move twice, they finally realised something.

The Territory Lords that she had killed were the ones who took the initiative to intercept the Universe Worlds.

By specifically targeting these two Territory Lords, the Old Ancestor had sent a clear message; she would kill anyone who dared to make a move.

What was she trying to achieve? Was she determined to stop them from intercepting the Universe Worlds? Could they only watch?

That was outrageous!

The Royal Lord, who had been silent since his return to the Royal City, couldn’t take it anymore as he roared, “Don’t go too far!”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao turned to look at him with a pair of dispassionate eyes; then, the next instant, she made a move again.

Having experienced what just happened earlier, the Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples were wary of whatever the Old Ancestor did. Seeing her disappear, they hurriedly raised their guards.

Most of the Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples would be safe, but there would always be someone who was unlucky.