Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5260, I’ll Do Whatever I Want

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There were no noises that suggested there had been a fight. When Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao reappeared in her original spot, she had grasped a Territory Lord in her hand.

This time, it was a Territory Lord who was alive and kicking, not just a head.

Although the Territory Lord was several times larger than Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, who didn’t seem to exert much force with her hand, he was unable to struggle out of her grasp regardless of how hard he tried.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao gazed at the furious Royal Lord and lifted her blemish-free chin in a provocative manner, “I’ll do whatever I want!”

Saying so, she exerted more force with her hand. As her World Force surged, a horrifying pressure squeezed the Territory Lord.

Soon, the Territory Lord’s figure contorted and a series of bone-cracking sounds were heard. With a horrified look, he struggled fiercely as he looked in the Royal Lord’s direction, pleading with him, “Sir Royal Lord, save me!”

A hint of conflict flashed through the Royal Lord’s eyes, but he soon decided not to make a move. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Countless soldiers of both Races watched as the Old Ancestor, who was standing between the two Armies, squeezed the Territory Lord to death with her World Force. Under such immense pressure, the Territory Lord eventually exploded, his blood and flesh scattering about.

The Black Ink Clansmen were infuriated, but deep down, they were also terrified.

The Old Ancestor had repeatedly made a move and killed three Territory Lords, which went to show how domineering she was. On the other hand, the Royal Lord only watched from the side without doing anything.

They were in an awkward situation.

No Royal Lord was willing to see his Territory Lords being slaughtered without even trying to save them, for that would have a huge impact on his authority. The only reason he would not act was simply because he was unable to save his subordinates.

It seemed that the Royal Lord was more severely injured than the Territory Lords thought; therefore, even though the Old Ancestor killed three Territory Lords and taunted him in such a provocative manner, the Royal Lord could only choke down the insult.

The Territory Lords wouldn’t dare to move a muscle.

Without the Royal Lord’s help, they wouldn’t be able to fend off the Old Ancestor who was determined to kill regardless of how careful they were.

Since the Territory Lords remained unmoving, their subordinates wouldn’t dare to make a move either.

Everyone was just standing in the same spot, so anxious that it was as though they were sitting on pins and needles.

Even though they didn’t make a move though, the Universe Worlds wouldn’t stop approaching the Royal City because of that. More than 10 breaths after the third Territory Lord died, the Universe Worlds arrived.

Given the close proximity, if they still didn’t take action, the 30% of the Black Ink Clan soldiers stationed on the right side of the Royal City would be hit. By then, not only would they be injured or killed, the Royal City would also be devastated as well.

Regardless of whether they made a move or not, they would be doomed.

A Territory Lord finally couldn’t take it anymore as he cast a violent Secret Technique at the Universe Worlds. At the same time, he remained vigilant against the Old Ancestor.

What surprised him was that even though the Old Ancestor had locked onto him with her aura, she didn’t attempt to kill him.

This made him feel ecstatic, as though he had just escaped from death’s door.

With such a precedent, the other Black Ink Clan soldiers also started taking action. At that instant, countless Secret Techniques formed into a black torrent that bombarded the Universe Worlds.

Still, the Old Ancestor remained unmoving.

Seeing that, the Black Ink Clan soldiers breathed a sigh of relief. It seemed to them that as long as they stayed in the same spot instead of moving, the Old Ancestor wouldn’t kill them.

However, the truth was different.

The Old Ancestor had been patiently preparing for this day for the past 100 years. Every time she clashed with the Royal Lord, she had to pretend that her injuries hadn’t healed while also suppressing some of her power so that the Royal Lord wouldn’t discover the truth.

It wasn’t easy to deceive a Royal Lord, so it had been a constant struggle for Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao for the past 100 years.

The advantage she accumulated over the years was perfectly hidden by the Old Ancestor, and when there was finally a chance, she unleashed her full might against her opponent. For the first time in her life, she saw hope to kill a Royal Lord, and if not for the Territory Lords and Black Ink Clan soldiers who rushed over from the Royal City earlier, she would have succeeded.

As long as the Royal Lord died, no one else would be a match for her and the Humans would soon fully occupy the Great Evolution Theatre.

Such a victory had never happened before in history.

Initially, she had the chance to set a precedent for the entire Human Race, but her plan was foiled by those Territory Lords and Black Ink Clan soldiers. Although many of the Territory Lords, Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples, and Black Ink Clan soldiers lost their lives in the process, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was still displeased.

Since she was unable to end the Royal Lord’s life, it was pointless no matter how many Territory Lords and Black Ink Clan soldiers she killed.

It could be said that she had been vexed since these Territory Lords led the Black Ink Clan soldiers to lend the Royal Lord a hand.

100 years of effort had gone to waste because of them, and there wouldn’t be such a chance again in the future. After suffering such a setback, the Royal Lord would always be wary of her.

When the Royal Lord returned to the Royal City and exchanged moves with her, she knew that there was no longer any hope to kill him, unless she was determined to perish together with him.

Although she was unable to kill the Royal Lord, she could vent her anger on some of these annoying Territory Lords.

The Royal Lord wouldn’t dare to stop her, nor was he able to do so; therefore, he could only watch in silence.

In fact, he even hoped that Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao would kill more Territory Lords.

Although the Royal Lord had no idea what kind of an amazing Secret Technique that Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had used to kill a Territory Lord in the blink of an eye, after using it three times, he was certain that this Secret Technique had to be quite energy-consuming. That was because even though she was an Old Ancestor, she couldn’t possibly behead a Territory Lord with no effort.

He was just as powerful as an Old Ancestor, so he had the confidence to make such a judgement. That was because it also wasn’t possible for him to kill an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master with ease, unless he used his Royal Lord Secret Technique that would only be used in moments of extreme need.

However, once the Royal Lord Secret Technique was cast, the Royal Lord himself would be significantly weakened for a time, which was a huge drawback on the battlefield. Therefore, the Royal Lords never used this trump card unless absolutely necessary.

After the previous battle, the Royal Lord was injured and had fled back to the Royal City in a fluster, but it wasn’t like Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was completely unharmed. If she repeatedly used this Secret Technique, she would soon run out of stamina, giving him an opening to get his revenge.

However, he couldn’t tell the Territory Lords about his speculations, nor could he order them to provoke the Old Ancestor; therefore, he could only watch in silence.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao never made a move again.

She had naturally figured out what the Royal Lord was plotting; moreover, if she continued to make a move at this point, it would be no different from forcing the Royal Lord to engage in a life-or-death battle with her.

After all, the Royal Lord wouldn’t allow the Royal City to be destroyed no matter what. That was because his Black Ink Nest was in the Royal City and was of critical importance to him and the entire Black Ink Clan in the Great Evolution Theatre.

In this silent exchange, the two top Masters each tacitly made a concession in order to not shatter the last sliver of calm. The price that the Black Ink Clan had to pay was the lives of three Territory Lords and the trouble that ensued.

The Universe Worlds were menacing, so although the Black Ink Clan soldiers had done their best to intercept them, they had missed the best opportunity to act because of Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s intimidation earlier.

The moment the Universe Worlds were shattered, the explosions of the installed arrays covered the void and universe fragments of varying sizes rained down on the Royal City.

Countless Black Ink Clan soldiers lost their lives as the Royal City trembled under the impact.

It was apparent that the Black Ink Clan soldiers on the right side of the Royal City were unable to ward off these Universe Worlds completely.

Following Che Kong’s order, the soldiers that had just clashed with the Humans on the left side went over to help. Fortunately, both the Old Ancestor and the Humans didn’t react to this.

As the Black Ink Clan soldiers rallied together, they finally managed to stop all the Universe Worlds.

Several tens of thousands of Black Ink Clan soldiers were killed in the process, and the Universe World where the Royal City was located was severely damaged, losing as much as 30% of its land mass. Many structures in the Royal City had been levelled.

Only the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest remained perfectly intact.

That was because there had always been several Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples guarding the Black Ink Nest. Regardless of how intense the battle between the Races was, they would never move from their posts or let anything harm the Black Ink Nest.

The noise slowly died down.

The Black Ink Clan Army was completely battered.

After staring at the Royal Lord for a while, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao curled up her lips and sneered. Then, she turned around and shouted, “Withdraw!”

Aboard the Purifying Black Ink Battleship, Xiang Shan passed down an order loudly through his Divine Sense, “Retreat!”

The Human Warships turned around and headed to the forward base while behind, the Black Ink Clan soldiers let out a breath of relief.

The battle had finally ended.

On the deck of Dawning Light, Yang Kai sighed.

Before the battle started, he had received a secret order from Xiang Shan to charge towards the Royal City and destroy the Black Ink Nest if there was a chance.

Even though it was a High-Rank Black Ink Nest, it had almost no defensive strength. Given the fact that Yang Kai was a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, as long as he got close enough, he could easily destroy it.

He was the best suited for this job because he was a Master of the Dao of Space.

Since the start of the war, Yang Kai had been looking for such a chance, but there was never an opportunity for him to make a move.

Given his Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivation now, it wasn’t hard for him to get close to the Black Ink Nest using Instantaneous Movement, but he couldn’t defeat the Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples on guard there. As soon as he appeared, he would be killed by them before he could damage the Black Ink Nest.

It had been almost 150 years since the East-West Army arrived in the Great Evolution Theatre.

Over the years, the East-West Army had clashed with the Black Ink Clan on eight occasions, and each time they managed to kill a lot of their enemies.

It could be said that in this war, they were very close to success, but they ultimately didn’t manage to achieve their goal.

As Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao would always recuperate in Yang Kai’s Small Universe, he had access to information that the average soldiers wouldn’t; therefore, he was aware of the ultimate plan, so the moment he saw the injured Royal Lord returning to the Royal City, he knew that the plan wouldn’t succeed.

However, the end result wasn’t terrible.

The Black Ink Clan soldiers responsible for protecting the Royal City were practically half-dead now with more than half of the Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples having been killed. If not for the fact that the Royal Lord could make use of the Black Ink Nest to strengthen himself, they could have easily destroyed the Royal City. Unfortunately, the Royal Lord had returned alive. With the Black Ink Nest’s help, he still had the capital to drag Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao down with him in death.