Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5276, Steady Stream of New Recruits

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

10 peak Emperor Realm cultivators were all gathered in the Void Dao Temple. They had long received Yang Kai’s Divine Sense transmission that asked them to get everything prepared.

Some of them had been waiting for this day for many years.

In the Void Dao Temple of today, it was no longer a secret that one could advance to the Open Heaven Realm after the Emperor Realm. It was also no longer a secret that this entire Void World was the Small Universe of the Dao Lord. There were even statues of Yang Kai erected in the Dao Temple for the disciples to worship day and night.

Yang Kai even revealed matters concerning the Black Ink Battlefield to the disciples in the Dao Temple, all so they could make a choice.

Once they step into the Open Heaven Realm, they will have to join the Black Ink Battlefield and fight against the Black Ink Clan.

If they were unwilling to fight the Black Ink Clan, then they could choose to remain in his Small Universe and the Emperor Realm.

These 10 had chosen to advance to the Open Heaven Realm, which meant that they had made the mental preparation to do battle with the Black Ink Clan. In fact, basically every Emperor Realm Master who could take that step made the same choice. Once a cultivator stepped onto the Martial Dao, then they would keep climbing higher to reach even more dazzling sights. Fear of danger was never a reason to stop.

Once they left Yang Kai’s Small Universe and emerged into the outside world, anyone would more or less feel unaccustomed. This had nothing to do with their strength or foundation, but rather the general change in environment; however, they had cultivated to the Emperor Realm after all, so it did not take long for them to settle down.

In the next instant, everyone revealed looks of pleasant surprise and saluted respectfully, “Disciples greet the Dao Lord!”

The disciples paid respects to Yang Kai’s lifelike statue inside of the Void Dao Temple at the beginning of each day and night, so they were naturally incomparably familiar with this face. Moreover, they had expected to meet the Dao Lord himself when they came out, and sure enough, that was exactly what happened.

This was their Dao Lord, and the entire Void World was the Small Universe of this Dao Lord. They were born inside of that Void World where they cultivated and grew, so in some sense, it was the Dao Lord who gave them everything. Previously, they merely worshipped him in a spiritual sense, but now that they had seen him in the flesh, the feeling was even more direct.

It could be said that though the Dao Lord was not the same as their biological parents who gave birth to them, his existence was not far off from that. All the living beings in the Void World could be said to be the Dao Lord’s descendants.

Even though Feng Ying and the others were surprised, they had already heard about this and just looked at the 10 Emperor Realm cultivators who appeared with curiosity.

Only Blood Crow’s eyes were almost popping out of their sockets in surprise. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Since joining Dawn, Blood Crow had always seemed out of place and did not interact with the others at all. If Yang Kai had not dragged him out today, he probably would not have agreed to be here.

Even though he had been around the Black Ink Battlefield for some time, he still knew next to nothing about Yang Kai, so it was unsurprising that he would be shocked at the sight of these Emperor Realm cultivators.

“You have living beings in your Small Universe?” Blood Crow asked in surprise.

There was simply no other way to explain the origin of these Emperor Realm cultivators.

Yang Kai glanced at him, “Is that so strange?”

Blood Crow was incredulous, “Aren’t you worried about disturbances in your Small Universe during a fight, leading to their deaths?” However, he seemed to understand something after saying that, “You must have one of the Four Universe Pillars!”

That was the only way to ensure the stability of one’s Small Universe, and also the only way for an Open Heaven Realm cultivator in the Seventh Order to nurture sentient lives within their Small Universe.

Yang Kai did not explain anything. He indeed possessed one of the Four Universe Pillars in the past, but its function was largely replaced by the World Tree clone. Meanwhile, that World Spring had been given to Ding Yao. Not only did the World Tree clone have the effects of the Four Universe Pillars, but it also had many effects that the Four Universe Pillars did not have.

It was not that he did not trust Blood Crow, there was just no point in explaining.

“What have you brought these Emperor Realm cultivators out for?” Blood Crow asked with a frown, “Even though there are no Black Ink Clansmen here, the Black Ink Battlefield is no place for them.”

Even a Low-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master would be courting death if they were to appear in such dangerous lands. The minimum requirement for the Cave Heavens and Paradises to send people here was the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm!

Right now, all of the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivators in each Great Pass were those who had fallen there from the Sixth or Seventh-Order.

Feng Ying smiled, “Senior Brother Blood Crow, why don’t you take a look at these little ones’ conditions?”

Blood Crow frowned and gazed at them before muttering in surprise, “They are all about to ascend?”

“It’s more than merely ascending,” Feng Ying shook her head with the same smile still on her face.

Blood Crow also caught sight of something at this point and he could not help but feel shaken, “They’ve all condensed Sixth-Order Elements in their Dao Seals?”

He had a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivation after all, and he was an Eighth-Order Divine Monarch in his past life, so if he looked carefully, he would notice some hints. The 10 Emperor Realm cultivators in front of him all had the aura of Sixth-Order Element Powers inside their bodies, obviously left from the completion of their Dao Seal.

“Exactly so!” Feng Ying smiled.

Blood Crow was surprised and turned to look at Yang Kai to ask, “How did you cultivate them?”

An ordinary Sixth-Order Master may not mean much to him, but that was different for those with the qualifications to advance straight to the Sixth-Order. People like this were considered to elite disciples of any Cave Heaven or Paradise as they were expected to reach the Eighth Order in the future.

In his previous life, that was his limit as well.

One or two was not impossible, but for 10 to appear at once…

A unique method of nurturing them was clearly being used.

Yang Kai did not want to explain too much, but since Blood Crow was asking, he could only reply, “Has Brother Blood Crow heard of the Star Boundary’s World Tree clone?”

Blood Crow tried to recall for a moment before saying, “I’ve heard of it. It is said that the World Tree clone contains miraculous powers that can nurture the living beings of that World.” After escaping from the Blood Monster Cave Heaven, he went straight to the Shattered Heaven and stayed there for some time before finally being scooped up and jailed by Bright King Cave Heaven. During his days in the Shattered Heaven, he had indeed heard rumours about the World Tree in the Star Boundary, but he did not know too much about it since he did not pay much attention to it.

Yang Kai nodded, “That is exactly right, and there is one in my Small Universe right now.”

Blood Crow could not help but gape in awe, speechless for a long time…

[What kind of luck does this brat have? To be able to bring even a World Tree clone into his Small Universe… did the high-ranking members of the Human Race really allow him to do such a thing?]

As the two of them were talking, one of the girls among the 10 Emperor Realm cultivators looked at one of the people in front of her with a look of pleasant surprise.

There was a total of 9 of Dawn’s members who came out during this trip, 8 Seventh-Order Masters and 1 Sixth-Order Master.

The Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was none other than Miao Fei Ping.

Apart from Yang Kai’s three Disciples, Miao Fei Ping was known as the first Open Heaven Realm Master to emerge from his Small Universe.

The names of all of the Dao Temple disciples who dared to step into the Open Heaven Realm were recorded in the Dao Temple for those who came later to honour them.

Miao Fei Ping’s great name was at the top of the list!

Miao Fei Ping was brought here for no other reason than because he was the pioneer to advance into the Open Heaven Realm from Void World, and his presence should boost the confidence of those who came after him. It was also Miao Fei Ping’s request he be brought along.

The female Emperor Realm cultivator was currently staring straight at Miao Fei Ping.

Naturally, Miao Fei Ping noticed her gaze when she was staring so openly. Even though his name was recorded down in the Dao Temple, there was no statue of him, unlike Yang Kai. Even if the disciples of the Dao Temple did know about his existence, they still would not be able to recognize him immediately. After all, more than 1,000 years had passed in Void World since he left.

Four eyes suddenly met, and the female Emperor Realm cultivator seemed to notice that her stare was too blunt, so she smiled apologetically.

Miao Fei Ping nodded his head in greeting.

It was then that Yang Kai spoke, “You are all disciples of the Dao Temple and your aptitude is the best in the Void World. I believe that you more or less have some understanding of the situation in the outside world after living in the Dao Temple all these years. Now that you’ve taken this step, naturally no one will stop you from advancing. However, let me say this first. The Black Ink Battlefield is a place fraught with dangers, and once you complete this step, there will be no going back. Let me ask all of you one last time, are you willing to advance to the Open Heaven Realm and offer your strength to the Human Race, holding no complaints even if you are to die on the battlefield?”

“We are willing!” 10 people shouted in unison. In fact, nobody would say they were unwilling at this point.

Yang Kai was clear about this as well, so he simply nodded, “Since you came from my Small Universe, then you all have a connection with me. In the future, if I find anyone who fears death, disobeys orders, and drags their fellow allies down on the battlefield, do not blame me for taking care of you personally!”

The 10 of them answered respectfully in unison once more.

Only then did Yang Kai flick his wrist, sending out 10 streams of light, “These are Heavenly Yuan Seal Stabilizing Pills, they will help you in your advancement, so take and refine them.”

Obeying his order, they all swallowed the Spirit Pills before sitting down cross-legged and circulating their strength.

It did not take long for them to refine a single Spirit Pill, and soon, all 10 of them opened their eyes again.

Yang Kai nodded at Miao Fei Ping, signalling for him to step forward and introduce himself, “My name is Miao Fei Ping. I’m sure all of you are familiar with this Miao!”

The eyes of the 10 Emperor Realm cultivators lit up upon hearing this.

How could they not be familiar with that name? As the first person to emerge from Void Dao Temple and advance to the Open Heaven Realm, Miao Fei Ping’s name could be said to be second only to the Dao Lord, Yang Kai, in the Dao Temple.

They may have felt a little nervous when facing Yang Kai, but they felt more affection towards this pioneer who shared their roots.

“Greetings, Senior Brother Mao!” The female Emperor had a sweet mouth and quickly gave him an elegant bow.

Everyone also followed suit.

Miao Fei Ping cheerfully extended his hand to have them rise, “Advancing to the Open Heaven Realm is not a difficult task, especially since you come from the Dao Temple and have stable foundations. You only need to remain focused when you are advancing. Steady yourselves, and nothing will happen to you. Moreover, Squad Leader… the Dao Lord has given you each a Heavenly Yuan Stabilizing Pill, which can increase the success rate of your advancement to almost a certainty. It is the best advancement Spirit Pill that you can find in existence.”

Everyone’s confidence was boosted by his words.

Miao Fei Ping also talked about the problems he faced during his own advancement so that they all had a clear idea of what to expect.

“The Seniors here will stand guard for you. I will await your successful advancement!”

After saying that, he returned to Yang Kai’s side.

Yang Kai signalled with a nod, “Each of you go with one of them.”

Feng Ying and the other Seventh-Order Masters had been waiting for half a day, so when they heard his words, they naturally did not hesitate to wrap their own World Force around one Emperor Realm cultivator each and bringing them away into the distance.

Soon, there were only three people left in front of Yang Kai.

He could not watch after the advancement of 10 people at once, but three should be no problem. As they were about to go their separate ways, Miao Fei Ping volunteered, “Squad Leader, I’ll take care of one of them.”

Yang Kai turned to look at him and asked, “Are you sure?”

Miao Fei Ping smiled, “Right now, I’m an established Sixth-Order cultivator. It should be no problem for me to stand guard for someone.”

Yang Kai nodded, “Then, you can be in charge of one.”

“Yes!” Miao Fei Ping responded and glanced at the three people left. He thought about choosing one of the male cultivators, but after meeting the gaze of that female cultivator from before, he changed his mind for some reason and smiled, “Junior Sister, come with me.”