Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5289, I’m Tired, I’m Going to Sleep

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Ou Yang Lie had been observing the condition in Yang Kai’s Small Universe this whole time, which he naturally could not normally check on. However, since Yang Kai had to connect to the consciousness of the Black Ink Nest, his Small Universe remained open the whole time, allowing the Black Ink Nest to devour his World Force. At least, Ou Yang Lie was still able to see some clues.

After a few months had passed, any ordinary Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would have been drained dry; however, the World Force inside of Yang Kai’s Small Universe remained plentiful without visibly decreasing in the slightest. It was clear that the living beings that he raised inside of his Small Universe were working in this case.

Now, there was no need to worry that Yang Kai’s Small Universe would be sucked dry by the Black Ink Nest, and he also had the Soul Warming Lotus to protect his Soul. Even a Royal Lord would not be able to do anything to him inside the Black Ink Nest Space, so there was little to worry about when it came to his safety.

The only thing the Black Ink Clan could do was trap him inside the Black Ink Nest Space, and he had no idea when Yang Kai would be able to escape.

Ou Yang Lie believed that the situation would not change much in the near future, and there was nothing that he could do about it either, so he just waited here and monitored Yang Kai’s status. As soon as anything happened he would immediately report it.

Time passed inside the Black Ink Nest, and in the blink of an eye, another 2 months went by.

It had almost been half a year since the Black Ink Nest Space was sealed off, an amount of time that would barely count as anything for both the Territory Lords and the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples.

At their Realm, one would ordinarily spend upwards of several dozen to 100 years in retreat during their cultivation, so a trivial half a year was just like a snap of one’s fingers.

However, for the Black Ink Disciple surnamed Wan, this half a year was torturous. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The Soul Rending Thorn was constantly wearing down his Soul, and even with the help of the 2 Black Ink Disciples, it was difficult for him to turn the tides on his condition. If his Soul Avatar could return and unite with his body, then it would provide some help to his current situation.

However, the Territory Lords were too worried about opening the Black Ink Nest Space simply for fear that the Human would escape. Under such circumstances, how could the Black Ink Disciple’s Soul return and remerge with his body?

In addition, the Black Ink Nest was constantly devouring the power inside of his Small Universe, further adding frost to snow and worsening his condition.

He had no idea what the condition of his Small Universe was at the moment, but if too much of its World Force was consumed, it would also kill him.

With the help of 2 companions, he was able to last for half a year, but the Black Ink Disciple surnamed Wan was starting to slip away.

At the same time, as when his Spiritual Energy began fluctuating violently, the 6 Territory Lords who were watching for any movements from the Soul Warming Lotus turned around just in time to see the Soul Avatar of the Black Ink Disciple surnamed Wan exploding, turning into dots of light and dissipating from the Black Ink Nest Space.

“Brother Wan!” The old man cried out in grief, feeling sad for his fellow peer.

The other Black Ink Disciple also had a mournful expression.

They had done everything they could, but they were unable to save the life of their companion. Before entering the Black Ink Nest on this mission, nobody could have expected that the situation would turn out this way.

They had a lineup of 6 Territory Lords and 4 Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples. Even if an Old Ancestor were to enter, they could still somehow put up a fight.

But now, 2 Black Ink Disciples were dead, and the Human was still hiding inside of the Soul Warming Lotus, without showing any signs of moving. There was simply nothing the Black Ink Clan could do.

Hong Di’s eyes were practically spitting fire.

[We lost another one!]

After counting the 2 prior times, the battles inside the Black Ink Nest Space had already cost the Black Ink Clan 2 Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples and 1 Territory Lord, and there were 3 other Territory Lords left with severe injuries to their Souls. It was not known whether they were even dead or alive at this point.

Such losses could not be considered small for the Black Ink Clan.

After the last war in Great Evolution Theatre, the Black Ink Clan’s forces were nowhere near as strong as they had been before. Whether it be the Territory Lords or the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples, their numbers had essentially been halved from what they were just a few hundred years ago.

Suddenly, doubt emerged in Hong Di’s heart.

Was it worth paying such a high price just to force the Humans to give up the Black Ink Nest?

If their plan worked, then of course it would be worth it!

However, they had now experienced several serious setbacks with the Humans only having to mobilize a single person to make them lose so much ground. In the words of the Humans, the Black Ink Clan was now riding a tiger.

The cost was too great, but if they gave up now, how were they supposed to explain themselves to the Royal Lord?

So, no matter what, they had to deal with this Human and seize the Soul Warming Lotus so that they could show their faces to the Royal Lord.

On the other hand, the 2 Black Ink Disciples could only watch as the Soul Avatar of their companion surnamed Wan faded away. Losing a friend, they were both sad and also worried about their own situations.

Even though they were currently unharmed, it would still be a problem for them if they did not return to their physical bodies for a long time due to the Black Ink Nest continuing to eat up the World Force inside of their Small Universes.

They were Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, but how long would they be able to last?

A year? 2? Maybe 3? Nobody could say for sure.

In fact, they were already feeling a bit of fatigue. Even though it was not very obvious, it was definitely a result of the depletion of their physical strength being reflected in their Souls Avatars.

This bit of exhaustion was nothing at the moment, but if they allowed this to continue, things would only get worse.

However, they were nothing more than Black Ink Disciples, servants of the Black Ink Clan, so how could they advise the Territory Lords to abandon this plan at this time?

The Territory Lords couldn’t give up easily. The 2 Black Ink Disciples could vaguely foresee the miserable state that awaited them, but now they could only hope that that Human was not in the Eighth, but in the Seventh or even Sixth Order.

Only then would they be able to outlast him.

Time passed in silence.

1 year, 2 years…

The Territory Lords remained unchanged, but the Soul Avatars of the two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples had clearly dimmed. The fluctuations of their Spiritual Energy had also clearly grown extremely weak, as if they were ailing and sick.

Souls naturally could not get sick, so there was only a single explanation for this occurrence; their bodies in the outside could not hold out any longer. For 2 long years, the Black Ink Nests were constantly devouring the World Force from their Small Universes, so even Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were not be able to hold on.

The weakness of their bodies was being reflected in their Soul Avatars, and that was naturally how things came to appear as they were.

After enduring for so long, the old man could not bear it any longer and came trembling to Hong Di’s side, bowing, “Sir, could you please open the Black Ink Nest Space and allow us to withdraw first? I’m afraid we won’t be able to hold out much longer.”

There was a look of struggle on Hong Di’s face. Frankly, he did not wish to lose 2 more Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples here for nothing; after all, they had already lost 2 before.

He was also happy to have the 2 Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples live.

The reason he did not open the Black Ink Nest’s space previously was because he was worried that Yang Kai would take this opportunity to escape; however, there was no choice but to open the space now. If he didn’t, then the 2 Black Ink Disciples would surely die here.

He couldn’t understand just how this Human could last even longer than the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples. His guess should have been correct. If this Human truly was in the Eighth-Order and had the nourishment of the Soul Warming Lotus for several thousand years, then his Soul would definitely be a great deal stronger than an ordinary Eighth-Order Human’s.

The fact that he only exhibited strength on par with an ordinary Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master proved that his true cultivation was not in the Eighth-Order. It was highly possible that he was only in the Seventh Order.

The heritage of a Seventh-Order Small Universe naturally could not compare to an Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple’s, yet even though these 2 Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples could not last much longer, the Human still showed no signs of weakening.

Now that things had come to this, Hong Di had no choice but to let the 2 Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples retire first while they, the Territory Lords, stayed behind and continued waiting things out.

He had just made up his mind and was about to open up the Black Ink Nest Space, when a weak voice suddenly came from the Soul Warming Lotus, which had been silent all this while, “Yes, yes, quickly open this space. I also can’t hold on much longer so let’s call it a draw. We’ll talk again when we get the chance to meet again next time.”

[There is going to be a next time?]

Hong Di glared and shouted, “Impudence! No matter how amazing your skills are, this time, you will definitely die here!”

The old man’s Soul Avatar trembled as he turned his head towards the Heavens. If he were here in the flesh, then he would surely have burst into tears.

The only ray of hope he had left had just been destroyed by that Human…

He silently stood down and found a secluded corner with his other companion, calming the fluctuations of his Spiritual Energy and trying to minimize the loss of power as much as possible.

His only hope now was that they could last a moment longer than this Human.

Inside the Soul Warming Lotus, Yang Kai was now chattering non-stop, “You Territory Lords, why are you doing this? Those 2 obviously can’t hold on much longer. If you don’t open up this place, they are going to die here. I don’t care since I’ve killed so many of you already, and now I even got to take 2 more of you along with me to the grave. It’s a win for me no matter what.”

“The Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples on your side are not many now, right? I guess it makes sense. After the war, we Humans suffered huge casualties, so I can only imagine what it was like for the Black Ink Clan. If 2 more of you die, then the loss would be immense. By the way, how are the Royal Lord’s injuries? Is our Old Ancestor still visiting him often? We’re all neighbours so we should check in on each other frequently, but your Race is always so distant and unwelcoming. How boring it is that you don’t even come to visit.”

“Don’t pretend to be mute, I’m dying here. Will it kill you to say a few words to me? Haa… I’ve been cultivating all my life and shook the wind and clouds. Even though I only reached the Seventh Order, I’ve managed to kill quite a few Territory Lords. Unfortunately, the Heavens must be jealous as it seems I’m going to die here after all.”

“Since I’m going to die soon, let me ask you something. Answer me if you can, or don’t if you can’t. The Black Ink Nests are divided into different Ranks, and each Rank is the sub-nest of the Rank above it. In that case, whose sub-nest is the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest? What gave birth to it? This question has bothered me for a long time, so can you please enlighten me? If you can tell me, then I will also be able to die in peace.”

The Territory Lords were silent, but as they listened to the Human ramble on by himself, they could finally ascertain that just as they suspected, he was not in the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, only the Seventh-Order.

Even though it was possible that he was lying, what was the point of doing so now that things have come to this?

What’s more, this situation was exactly the same as they had previously deduced. So, this noisy Human had to be in the Seventh Order, no doubt about it.

How humiliating!

If they had been driven into such a miserable state by an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, then so be it, but now, they were actually being made fools of by a Human brat who was only in the Seventh-Order. All the Territory Lords felt great shame, and if possible, they wanted to drag Yang Kai out of the Soul Warming Lotus and make him suffer all kinds of torture to relieve their hatred.

Yang Kai’s voice grew weaker and weaker, “All right, fine. Since you are unwilling to speak, then pretend I never asked. I’m tired, I’m going to sleep.”