Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5306, Su Yan’s Phoenix Nest

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In fact, just like the Phoenix Clan, the Dragon Clan was the same, with the exception that Dragon Sources were from the Dragon Pool; hence, for both the Dragon and Phoenix Clans, those places were the root of their entire Clan; the Dragon Pool being the Dragon Clan’s origin and the Phoenix Nests being the Phoenix Clan’s origin.

Yang Kai once wondered if the decline of talents would lead to the eventual extinction of the Dragon Clan, but this was simply impossible. As long as the Dragon Pool remained, the Dragon Clan would never go extinct. There might be situations where the Clan becomes momentarily weak and vulnerable, but that was unavoidable if it was the will of the Heavenly Way.

However, the fact that there were ownerless Phoenix Nests on this Immortal Parasol Tree surprised Yang Kai.

Didn’t that mean he could enter the ownerless Phoenix Nests at will?

As the saying went, one would wear out iron shoes seeking their feet.

Besides, Huang Si Niang didn’t seem to have any intention of stopping him from entering these ownerless Phoenix Nests. Wasn’t this a tacit agreement?

[Tsk… Si Niang isn’t so cruel after all.] Her seemingly unintentional words actually pointed him towards a beneficial path.

Yang Kai restrained his excitement as he made his way to an unowned Phoenix Nest. Verifying that the nest had not been opened in many years, he got to work.

Space Principles rippled as he made a wiping movement to connect to the Phoenix Nest Portal.

Initially, he thought that it wouldn’t be that difficult to open this portal because he was already proficient enough in the Dao of Space. Besides, this portal didn’t have any special barrier to it, making it simpler to access.

However, Yang Kai soon discovered that things weren’t so simple.

The Phoenix Nest portal indeed had no barrier and he could also sense that it was right in front of him, but no matter how hard he tried to open it, the portal showed no signs of budging.

The Phoenix Nest’s portal seemed to be locked by an invisible force.

Yang Kai at first believed that his approach was incorrect, but as the portal remained shut even after several days of trying, he gradually understood the issue.

It wasn’t that he wasn’t proficient enough in the Dao of Space but that the Phoenix Nest actually had some other requirement in order to be opened.

Yang Kai concluded as such because the Phoenix Nest portal in front of him appeared to be locked by an invisible force and he probably needed the right key to open it.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but sigh as he recalled what Huang Si Niang said to him and her attitude at that time. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He was tricked!

Now, Yang Kai figured the matching Phoenix Source was necessary in order to unlock this Phoenix Nest. In other words, the key to these Phoenix Nest portals was the Phoenix Sources themselves.

Even though he had a higher mastery over the Dao of Space compared to many, he was unable to enter without the key; after all, the Immortal Parasol Tree was a unique existence that was born soon after the Universe came into existence. It could be said that it was a type of Supreme Innate Treasure. How could anything related to such a treasure be so easily accessed?

The hope that was sparked previously was put out ruthlessly, causing Yang Kai to feel dejected again.

He would still be fine if he hadn’t known the benefits of the Phoenix Nests for his cultivation; however, not only was he aware, he even got a taste. It was simply a terrible feeling not being able to have access to it anymore.

Yang Kai, still a little in disbelief, circled the Immortal Parasol Tree once more, searching for portals that had been closed for a very long time.

He tried three other Phoenix Nests consecutively, all to no avail.

When he got to the fourth Nest, Yang Kai assumed the situation would be the same, but after exerting quite a bit of force, the Void in front of him rippled, and a portal hazily formed.

Yang Kai looked on in pleasant surprise.

As he was ready to use go all out to pry open this portal when he suddenly felt that something was wrong. This portal didn’t seem to be responding to his actions, but rather a different power from the inside.

Yang Kai’s expression darkened, [Oh no.]

Sure enough, a Phoenix’s head appeared from the portal, asking as it glared at Yang Kai with blood-red Phoenix eyes, “Little bastard, what do you think you’re doing disturbing me?!”

Saying so, its sharp beak was aimed at Yang Kai, attempting to peck him.

Yang Kai’s hair stood on end. This seemingly normal peck might actually open a big hole in his body if he was hit by it; possibly even tearing apart his Soul in the process.

This Phoenix Nest was not at all an unowned Phoenix Nest, its master had simply been in retreat for a long time, which was why it hadn’t been opened in many years.

Thinking about it now, Yang Kai realized that this was probably the case for other seemingly ownerless Phoenix Nests.

As the saying went, when one often walks by the river, getting wet is inevitable.

“Senior, this is a misunderstanding!” Yang Kai shouted as he pushed his Space Principles madly, instantly disappearing from where he stood.

When he reappeared, he had already 100,000 kilometres away from the No-Return Pass; however, he was in a mess quite dishevelled at this point; his clothes were torn, and he had a wound on his chest from which Golden Blood was oozing.

On the Immortal Parasol Tree, a cold snort resounded, “Next time, I’ll take your life!”

Then, the Phoenix’s head withdrew as the portal shut.

Now, things were really awkward for Yang Kai.

Though he reacted in the shortest time possible and even used Space Principles in order to escape, the Dao of Space was still the Grand Dao all Phoenix Clan members cultivated.

Yang Kai was unable to escape from that peck no matter how he struggled or tried to flee, suffering an injury in the end.

Fortunately, it seemed the Phoenix Clan had an innately gentle temperament, so the one Yang Kai offended did not have any intention of killing him ruthlessly. If it was the Dragon Clan that he had insulted, Yang Kai would likely be locked in a life-or-death battle right now.

Inside her Phoenix Nest, Si Niang laughed riotously as she watched the commotion, whereas Feng Liu lang shook his head, thinking that the Human would stop causing a commotion after suffering such a loss.

After all, Yang Kai had no idea which Phoenix Nests were unowned and which had simply not been opened due to the owner being in retreat for a long time.

But Feng Liu Lang immediately realised that he was wrong.

After spending some time outside, Yang Kai changed into a different outfit and casually ran back to the Immortal Parasol Tree to continue what he was previously doing.

Feng Liu Lang was speechless, [Why is this Human so stubborn? The Phoenix Nests will never open unless the owner’s Source is present. He should know this already, so why waste time?]

Still, Yang Kai, who had prior experiences now, started acting more cautiously. He dared not cause a huge commotion even with the Phoenix Nests that seemed to have no owner, fearing that there would be another Phoenix coming out to peck at him.

He was currently searching for specific Phoenix Nests.

Despite the size of the Immortal Parasol Tree, there weren’t many members of the Phoenix Clan. Consequently, there weren’t many Phoenix Nests.

There were only roughly 100 of them.

In other words, the number of Phoenix Clan members was only around 100. This also counted the numerous Phoenix Clan Sources lost outside. Yang Kai estimated that there were approximately only 40 or 50 members of the Phoenix Clan who were still residing on the Immortal Parasol Tree.

Still, this was already a huge force considering it was the Phoenix Clan! Each mature Dragon was equivalent to a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master, and due to their long lifespan and inherited bloodline, they only required time to strengthen themselves to ascend to the level equivalent to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, without having to go through many risks.

A process similar for all Divine Spirits.

Since there weren’t many Phoenix Nests, Yang Kai had little trouble locating all of them and after 4 hours, he stood in front of a specific one.

This was another Phoenix Nest that had not been opened for many years.

If Yang Kai hadn’t felt a trace of a familiar aura flowing out of this Phoenix Nest, he would not have been able to determine whether there wasn’t an owner inside or not.

It was that familiar aura that confirmed that this Phoenix Nest was ownerless.

Or at least, the owner was not in!

This was because the Fire Phoenix aura coming from this nest belonged to Liu Yan.

The Phoenix Source that Liu Yan owned today dated back to Martial Flame Great Emperor who had attained the Phoenix True Fire by chance many years ago. After cultivating with it, Martial Flame eventually ascended to become a Great Emperor of the Star Boundary.

It was during that period that Heaven Devouring Great Emperor, Wu Kuang, had caused chaos. As a result, all the other Great Emperors of the Star Boundary fought him in a deadly battle in the Shattered Star Sea.

In that battle, Wu Kuang’s body was destroyed as a result of his defeat. Along with his ‘death’, several other Great Emperors, namely Azure Sea Great Emperor, Martial Flame Great Emperor, Yuan Ding Great Emperor, and Cyan Lotus Great Emperor perished.

That was the time when Wu Kuang overpowered everyone else and ruled like a tyrant. But, in the end, his actions led to public outrage which ultimately got him ‘killed’.

It was later revealed that Wu Kuang faked his own death, and many years later was resurrected. However, the tale of him using his own power to kill numerous Great Emperors remained, fascinating all who heard it.

No other Great Emperor had possessed strength on par with Wu Kuang’s.

After the fall of the Martial Flame Great Emperor, the Phoenix True Fire remained in the Shattered Star Sea. When Yang Kai travelled to the Shattered Star Sea for training, he obtained the Phoenix True Fire and later gave it to Liu Yan to refine.

Consequently, he could easily recognise the aura of this Fire Phoenix Source because he was very familiar with it.

The Phoenix True Fire, strictly speaking, was actually a Phoenix Source.

The aura that was just barely noticeable on the Phoenix Nest in front of him undoubtedly came from the same source as the Phoenix True Fire that he gave to Liu Yan.

Now that this had been confirmed, Yang Kai could act boldly without having to fear a Phoenix Clan member showing up to deal with him.

But to his disappointment, despite being certain that Liu Yan was the Phoenix Nest’s owner, he was still unable to open it.

He didn’t continue because he knew that the Phoenix Nest wasn’t that simple to open from previous experience.

After half a day of searching on the Immortal Parasol Tree, Yang Kai stood in front of another Phoenix Nest. If he was not mistaken, Jiu Feng should be the owner of this Phoenix Nest; however, he wasn’t really sure as he had not interacted with Jiu Feng frequently, so he didn’t have a vivid memory of her Source’s aura.

There was a high chance it was, though!

He had found Liu Yan and Jiu Feng’s Phoenix Nest, so what about Su Yan’s?

There would definitely be a Phoenix Nest here that belonged to Su Yan.

At this moment, Yang Kai had no hope of entering the Phoenix Nest to cultivate and further strengthen his understanding and mastery over the Dao of Space, so all he wanted was to find out where Su Yan’s Phoenix Nest was located so he could help guide her here in the future where she would be able to cultivate with peace of mind.

Moments later, as Yang Kai stood on a branch of the Immortal Parasol Tree and looked at the Void in front of him, he smiled gently.

[Found it.]

Su Yan should be the owner of the Phoenix Nest in front of him. He was very familiar with that aura; after all, she was his first wife, and their many times of cultivating together had already connected their auras. When Yang Kai arrived here, he almost immediately recognised this Phoenix Nest as Su Yan’s.