Chapter 5307, How Did He Enter?

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

This familiar aura made Yang Kai sigh in reminiscence. He had not seen Su Yan for hundreds of years before entering the Black Ink Battlefield, and now several hundred more years had passed, yet his parting with her and the others felt as though it only happened days before.

To a Master like Yang Kai, the higher their cultivation, the less emphasis they put on time.

Back when he was still young, Yang Kai felt every day was extremely precious; but, as he became stronger, even a simple retreat could take years.

His greatest desire used to be to mature quickly and obtain the freedom and strength that came with it, but looking back now, he realised how precious the time when he was a carefree kid was.

That was a period of time that could only remain in his memories.

He had spent his entire life travelling around, from South to North and back again. Though there had been a lot of women around him, he had never really spent much time with them.

Yang Kai felt deeply that there was more time spent away from his family and loved ones than with them since he began his journey on the Martial Dao.

It was still fine before as there would always be occasions to gather, but after he had entered the Black Ink Battlefield, he knew he would never see them again unless the Blank Ink Clan was completely eradicated.

[Was all this really worth it?] He thought to himself.

But Yang Kai’s expression quickly changed to one of determination, [No, it is!]

The current short separation was necessary to prepare for the long-term reunion afterwards. He would finally be at peace and bring his lovely companions to travel across mountains and rivers and enjoy himself when the battle in the Black Ink Battlefield was over.

For that reason, he had to become stronger in order to survive.

The familiar aura lingered around his fingertips as he extended his hand to touch it, as if he was brushing Su Yan’s face.

As he reached out, Yang Kai’s expression soon filled with shock, which then quickly turned to joy. With a flash, he rushed into the portal in front of him and disappeared.

The next moment, two figures appeared on the Immortal Parasol Tree together. Both Huang Si Niang and Feng Liu Lang looked at the place where Yang Kai disappeared in extreme disbelief.

Si Niang’s eyes bulged as she muttered in a hoarse voice, “He went in?”

Feng Liu Lang nodded lightly, confirming, “He went in.”

Si Niang’s thoughts were all over the place, “How?”

Feng Liu Lang had no idea how to reply either, so he just said, “Just like that…”

“Nonsense!” She glared at him. She had been observing Yang Kai, so of course she knew he went in just like that. The point was, how did he get in?

That was a Phoenix Nest!

Besides, it was not just any Phoenix Nest!

While the two were talking, more Phoenix Nests opened up, and figures emerged from the portals, obviously having noticed something. These people were all attractive men and women of varying ages, and they were all staring in the direction of where Yang Kai had disappeared.

A woman with a particularly noble and dense aura emerged. She appeared to be 15 or 16 years old on first impression; however, if one paid closer attention, she seemed to be in her early 20’s. Strangely enough, after observing her for some time, she suddenly appeared to be in her mid 30’s.

This woman’s age seemed to be a true mystery.

She then asked in a soft voice, “Has someone returned to the Clan?”

Huang Si Niang and Feng Liu Lang exchanged glances before quickly bowing and explaining everything that had just happened. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The group of Phoenix Clan members were shocked to learn that a Human from afar opened this Phoenix Nest. What’s more, this Human was no ordinary Human, but rather a Human that had refined and fused with a Dragon Source!

The Phoenix Nest was opened by such a person!

This had never happened before.

The Phoenix Clan members started chattering and demanded that the brat be dragged out of the Phoenix Nest and punished. Phoenix Nests were the root of the Phoenix Clan after all, so no one other than the Phoenix Clan members were permitted to set foot inside of them. However, a half-Dragon Human had now entered one. How could such blasphemy be tolerated?

If this Phoenix Nest could be opened by an outsider, wouldn’t everyone be able to access the other Phoenix Nest in the future?

Many Phoenix Clans members shared the same thoughts and attitude. In the Immortal Parasol Tree, more than half of the 40 Phoenix Clan members supported this plan.

The smaller half did not explicitly state their viewpoint, but it was clear that they did not disagree.

What they were most concerned about was how this Human managed to enter this Phoenix Nest.

The ability to enter a Phoenix Nest indicated that an individual owned a Phoenix Source. But, how was it possible that a Human who was confirmed to possess a Dragon Source also had a Phoenix Source?

Despite the Dragon and Phoenix Clans being said to coexist, side by side, certain things like their Sources could never coexist inside a single individual. This was fundamental knowledge.

After countless years of peace and tranquility, the Immortal Parasol Tree became lively because of Yang Kai’s unprecedented actions, and almost all the Phoenixes Clan members that were able to come out from retreat, came out.

The Dragon Clan was immediately alerted by the commotion and many of them throughout the No-Return Pass released their Divine Sense, immediately understanding the whole story in an instant.

The incident shocked the Dragon Clan as well.

The Human who was sent over to take advantage of the Dragon Clan had entered a Phoenix Nest of the Phoenix Clan before even stepping foot into the Dragon Pool?

Having lived with each other for so many years, how could the Dragon Clan not know about the mysteries of the Phoenix Nest? They were equally perplexed as to how a bastard who refined a Dragon Source would be qualified to enter an ownerless Phoenix Nest.

It had been many millennia since the No-Return Pass had been this lively. Even though Masters from the 3,000 Worlds would frequently be sent to different Great Passes through the No-Return Pass, their stays here were always brief. Additionally, due to the authority of the Dragon and Phoenix Clan, these Humans were also well-behaved in the No-Return Pass, not daring to be the least bit presumptuous and always departing with haste.

This Human, on the other hand, not only embarrassed the Dragon Clan when he first arrived, but he also violated the Phoenix Clan’s sacred home. It made everyone speechless.

Phoenix Clan’s issue, though, was not the business of the Dragon Clan; thus, all they did in this situation was observe the commotion.

On the Parasol Tree, the Phoenix Clan members were filled with rage, especially the Young Phoenixes that denounced Yang Kai loudly. On the contrary, the older Phoenixes soon fell silent, their eyes filled with pensive light.

There were many things that the Young Phoenixes were unaware of, but the older ones had already heard certain stories from their forefathers.

The Phoenix Nest that was opened was not an ordinary Phoenix Nest, it was a Phoenix Nest that belonged to a previous generation Phoenix Empress. After a certain incident, that Empress’ Source went missing, its location unknown even now. As such, wasn’t the opening of this Phoenix Nest an indication of something?

Even this generation’s Phoenix Empress had shown herself. She was a noble woman who had an extremely dense aura. Her strength was comparable to the Dragon Emperor as well as the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Humans. It could even be said that a Dragon Emperor and a Phoenix Empress were stronger compared to Ninth-Order Old Ancestors.

Without such a Master assuming command, they wouldn’t be able to maintain the safety and security of the No-Return Pass throughout the years.

But in the end, even with the Empress present, the Phoenix Clan members were unable to drag Yang Kai out from the Phoenix Nest because they lacked the ability to do so.

Though they were Phoenix Clan members, they couldn’t simply open a Phoenix Nest that did not belong to them. In other words, they couldn’t really do anything unless the Human willingly came out.

…..

The Phoenix Nest belonging to Su Yan was fully covered with snow and ice, making the whole World snow-white in colour.

In mid-air, Yang Kai surveyed his surroundings as he admired the beauty and magnificence of this place.

This was a world sealed in ice and snow, so it was absolutely freezing. The fact that Su Yan owned this Phoenix Nest made it reasonable that this was the case.

Su Yan’s Phoenix Clan Source was an Ice Phoenix Source, so naturally, her Phoenix Nest was filled with Ice Principles.

The cold inside was the kind that permeated one’s soul. Even Yang Kai felt a bit uneasy when he first arrived here, but thankfully, he felt much better after circulating his World Force.

A moment later, he felt overjoyed.

Just like Huang Si Niang’s Phoenix Nest, this place was filled with dense, primordial Space Dao Essence. On top of that, this Dao Essence was 10 times denser than it was in Huang Si Niang’s nest.

That was an immense difference!

This was also a reasonable situation though. The Phoenix Clan members cultivated in their Phoenix Nests, where they refined the ambient Space Dao Essence to enhance their own understanding of this Grand Dao. At the same time, the mysterious power of the Immortal Parasol Tree would replenish the Space Dao Essence. Of course, as long as the Phoenix Clansman could maintain a balance, the Dao Essence of their Phoenix Nest would never completely deplete, allowing them to slowly cultivate for as long as they wished.

However, it was different for Su Yan’s Phoenix Nest.

Throughout the years when nobody refined the Space Dao Essence in this ownerless Phoenix Nest, the Dao Essence had accumulated to become very dense.

This did not apply only to Su Yan’s Phoenix Nest, but every ownerless Phoenix Nest on the Parasol Tree; with the abundance of Dao Essence varying with the years since they became ownerless.

If any Phoenix Clan member that was roaming outside managed to find their way here and open their Phoenix Nest, their strength would undoubtedly increase immensely in a short time. This was a type of reward for returning to one’s roots.

Right now, this circumstance was a great blessing for Yang Kai.

He had got a taste of it at Si Niang’s place, but was soon kicked out before he had eaten his fill.

The circumstance now here at Su Yan’s place was equivalent to serving him a table of delicacies when he was starving.

Of course, Yang Kai would want to feast.

He didn’t fear that this would harm Su Yan in any way since the Space Dao Essence in this place was dense after countless years of accumulation. As long as he cultivated in moderation, he would not dry out the Dao Essence here, which would also be replenished after he left. When Su Yan visited in the future, she could still enjoy the gifts of this Phoenix Nest.

Yang Kai sat down cross-legged after he found a random ice peak. As Space Principles rippled, the World resonated and the Space Dao Essence in this Phoenix Nest was quickly absorbed by him.

Refining this incredibly pure and ancient Dao Essence was of enormous advantage to Yang Kai’s comprehension of the Grand Dao. On top of that, it helped him understand the differences between the ancient and current Grand Dao of Space, which was also extremely beneficial.

Yang Kai already caused quite a commotion at Si Niang’s place, but now he caused a bigger one in Su Yan’s place.

He seemed to have transformed into a bottomless abyss, incessantly swallowing the ambient Space Dao Essence. Consequently, he felt that he gained a deeper, broader sensibility of the Dao of Space.