Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5311, Entering the Dragon Pool

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

It would not be wise for Yang Kai to enrage an Ancient Dragon at this time, so after he sensed the warning, he immediately stopped talking.

What was currently taking place should be the Dragon Pool’s opening ceremony, a cumbersome, long, and boring ritual.

While the whole Dragon Clan was paying full attention, Yang Kai was incredibly disinterested.

Despite having a Dragon Vein, he was born Human, making it challenging for him to comprehend the current mood of the Dragon Clan.

Finally, after half a day, the ceremony finally seemed to be winding down. Together, the three Ancient Dragons opened their eyes, and the middle one yelled, “Today marks the opening of the Dragon Pool, which will harness the ancestral power to aid Dragon descendants to strengthen their Bloodline. May our descendants continue endlessly and our Clan last forever!”

Immediately after, there were endless, continuous Dragon Roars. These roars shook the No-Return Pass, and Dragon Pressure filled the air.

At the same time, the five enormous Dragon statues that were in the square underwent an odd change. They were obviously statues, yet they appeared to be coming to life at this very moment, all of their eyes shining brightly.

Yang Kai noticed a faint tremble of the Dragon Source in his body, as if it was somehow connected to one of the statues.

He couldn’t help but be in shock and as he focused his gaze on the statues, noticing that the one that had some kind of connection with his Source was the dazzling, golden statue.

While cultivating in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land’s Black Ink Sealing Land, inside the Dragon Clan’s Sacred Treasure, the Crystal Palace, Yang Kai witnessed the ancient battle where the Dragon Emperor and Phoenix Empress of old suppressed and sealed a Black Ink Giant Spirit God. From that, he knew that the Source he possessed belonged to the Dragon Emperor of that generation, the Golden Divine Dragon.

Naturally, given the circumstances, he was bound to make some associations.

Those five statues were all of the different colours, yet the golden one was connected with him.

[If that’s the case… these five statues were Dragon Emperors from different generations? Otherwise, there is no way to explain this sensation.]

In other words, there had been a total of five Dragon Emperors in the Dragon Clan’s history. Undoubtedly, this number was quite small compared to the number of top Human Masters, but to the Dragon Clan, it was already quite a high number due to their long lifespans. It had to be acknowledged that a Dragon Emperor was the strongest in the entire Clan; so, if there weren’t any accidents, such a Master would only pass away due to old age.

Since ancient times, the Dragon Clan had had five Dragon Emperors in succession. There should also be one in this generation, but Yang Kai had yet to see him and was unsure of his whereabouts in the No-Return Pass.

The connection he felt was extremely subtle, which should also be undetectable by other Dragon Clan members according to their reaction.

Yang Kai focused hard on it, but couldn’t feel anything special about it.

While he was in deep concentration, the three Ancient Dragons of the Dragon Clan all shook their bodies and assumed their Dragon Forms.

Young Dragons, Grand Dragons, Ancient Dragons, and Divine Dragons were the different divisions of the Dragon Clan. The length of their body alone could reveal their cultivation. They were Young Dragons if they were below 10,000 metres; they were Grand Dragons if they were between 10,000 and 50,000 metres; the Ancient Dragons ranged from 50,000 metres to 100,000 metres, with anyone at or above 100,000 metres being a Divine Dragon.

The strongest Master among the Divine Dragons was the Dragon Emperor!

For instance, Ji Lao San’s Dragon Form, which measured close to 50,000 metres when he previously transformed, could be deemed the upper bound of being a Grand Dragon. If he entered the Dragon Pool this time, he would certainly ascend to the ranks of Ancient Dragon.

If was for this reason that Yang Kai was blocked outside the No-Return Pass by him. How could Ji Lao San easily let this go when Yang Kai had taken his chance to ascend? Of course, the Dragon Pool would still open in the future, but nobody knew how long it would take.

The three Ancient Dragons had obviously been cultivating for a very long time, so they had basically reached the 100,000 metres limit. If they had fully transformed to their original size, the No-Return Pass might not be able to contain them.

So, the three Ancient Dragons didn’t assume their full transformed state and instead restricted their size to about 10,000 metres long.

Still, they were tremendously intimidating.

Yang Kai was shaken by the sight.

Although he had never witnessed these three Ancient Dragons battling, their might should be greater than that of any Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master he encountered judging just by the intensity of their auras.

He couldn’t help but wonder how long the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters might survive against such existences without succumbing.

The disadvantages of the Divine Spirits were very clear; their long lifespan meant slower growth; however, their long lifespan was also advantageous to them as they were basically unbeatable compared to Masters of equivalent realm due to their powerful physique and their long accumulation.

Not to mention, the Dragon Clan was the leader of all Divine Spirits; therefore, they were even more powerful than regular Divine Spirits.

All three Ancient Dragons had different colours. One was black, one was green and another was cyan.

The variation in colour symbolised the variation in their Source attributes, such as Yang Kai, whose Source attribute was Gold or more generally, Metal, which made his innate abilities sharper and more deadly.

Transformed into their Dragon Forms, the three Ancient Dragons hovered back and forth in the air while various Secret Techniques were activated that caused time to fall into chaos.

Yang Kai didn’t know what they were doing, but it was quite obvious that they were opening the Dragon Pool.

The Phoenix Clan Head previously claimed that unlike the Phoenix Nests, which were basically attached to the Immortal Parasol Tree and were visible to the naked eye, the Dragon Pool was a mysterious and magical location that could only be reached by the Dragon Clan.

However, Yang Kai clearly felt the existence of the Dragon Pool in the Void, which meant it was not an ethereal existence and could still be sensed.

[How can this be explained?]

He couldn’t understand and was too lazy to figure it all out; after all, he was not a pure-blooded Dragon Clan member, so he didn’t know a lot of the secrets of the Dragon Clan.

The five Dragon Emperor statues grew more and more lifelike as a result of the three Ancient Dragons’ actions. The magical power from the statues quickly infused and converged into one.

Yang Kai stared and observed that the power was slowly rotating amongst the five statues, its speed increasing more and more.

Less than an incense stick later, a vortex-like portal appeared in the centre of the five statues.

Yang Kai felt an incredibly violent force emanating from that vortex, and he knew in his heart that this was the entrance to the Dragon Pool. The force was so strong that even he dared not underestimate it.

Looking around, all the Dragon Clan members had no reactions, as if they were just waiting.

After another moment, the whirling vortex settled and transformed into a stable portal.

Immediately, the Ancient Dragon who had just spoken, roared, “The Dragon Pool is opened. Enter now!”

As soon as he completed his sentence, three figures flashed in the direction of the vortex, followed by 10 more afterwards. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Yang Kai could clearly see that the three figures in front had comparatively weak auras and he assumed that those were the Young Dragons, while the 10 figures behind who had much stronger auras that were practically identical to his own were the Grand Dragons.

The reason why there were fewer Young Dragons and more Grand Dragons was because the Dragon Clan had difficulty reproducing. And as a result of the Dragon Clan’s long lifespan, the number of Grand Dragons greatly exceeded the Young Dragons after the accumulation of years and centuries.

Just like what the Phoenix Clan Head told Yang Kai, there were three Young Dragons slots and 10 Grand Dragons slots during this opening of the Dragon Pool. Since Yang Kai had taken Ji Lao San’s slot, there should only be 9 Grand Dragons entering the Dragon Pool.

However, there were 10 that entered just now. Ji Lao San, who was standing next to Yang Kai, hurried to the front of all the Grand Dragons, as though he was worried that if he took any longer, he wouldn’t be allowed to enter.

[What is going on?] Yang Kai was stunned.

He was also unsure of if there was a limit to the number of individuals who were permitted to enter the Dragon Pool, or if it wouldn’t make a difference if there was one more, but at this point, he knew he couldn’t fall behind.

If there really was a limit to the Dragon Pool’s capacity and only 13 individuals could enter, he could only stare blankly at them if these 13 went in before him.

Although the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and the Dragon Clan had reached an agreement and Yang Kai wouldn’t be left out like this, there was always room for precaution.

As his thoughts flashed, he immediately disappeared from his original spot and appeared on top of the vortex, plunging in head-first.

This scene stunned all the Dragon Clan members, especially the three Ancient Dragons, who shook their heads incessantly.

This Human really wouldn’t obey their rules.

The Dragon Clan had no means to leave him out and had simply added another slot; however, everyone in the Dragon Pool would receive fewer advantages as a result because the amount of benefits to be had by cultivating in the Dragon Pool was fixed; the more people who went in, the fewer benefits each would receive.

To have three Young Dragons and 10 Grand Dragons was the maximum limit.

It was difficult for the Dragon Clan members to reject the Humans sending over someone with a Dragon Source. They initially wanted to let Ji Lao San give up his place, but after giving it some thought, they decided to just add another slot.

He was just a Human after all. Even if he managed to refine a Dragon Source, the benefits he could gain from entering the Dragon Pool should be limited; hence, it would not affect the others in the grand scheme of things.

Every time the Dragon Pool was opened previously, the Young Dragons would enter first, followed by the Grand Dragons. But now, that Human ran in first.

It couldn’t be helped, though, as he was proficient with the Dao of Space. The whole thing happened so quickly that even the three Ancient Dragons were not able to stop him.

Still, his actions made the Ancient Dragons’ expression darken and they secretly made the decision to never agree to such a request from the Human Race again, no matter the compensation offered.

[What does he think the Dragon Pool is?]

Behind Yang Kai, the three Young Dragons and 10 Grand Dragons followed and entered the Dragon Pool orderly in an extremely quick manner.

After every acknowledged Dragon Clan member entered the Dragon Pool, the three Ancient Dragons sealed the portal. It would take several years before the portal would reopen. When it was opened next, there would hopefully be an increase in the number of Grand Dragons and Ancient Dragons.

At least two of the ten Grand Dragons had a chance to join the ranks of the Ancient Dragons by their calculations; the other Grand Dragons were still short on their accumulations and had only entered the Dragon Pool this time to strengthen their Bloodline. It wouldn’t be until the next time that these Grand Dragons would have a chance to break through.

Yang Kai was wrong when he made the assumption that the Dragon Clan only had three Ancient Dragons; after all, how was it possible that there were just three of them after so many years of accumulation?

It was just that these three were the oldest and the strongest, so they were the leaders of the Dragon Clan, in charge of all day-to-day activities, including the Dragon Pool’s opening.

…..

Inside the Dragon Pool, Yang Kai was shocked.

He couldn’t help but feel strangely at home as soon as he arrived at this place.

Compared to what he experienced in the Star Boundary, it was entirely different here; after all, he wasn’t exactly born in the Star Boundary though he considered it his home.

But in the Dragon Pool, Yang Kai had a feeling like he had returned to his mother’s womb, which helped him to relax both mentally and physically.

It might be due to the magical power of the Dragon Pool that Yang Kai, without taking the initiative, transformed into his Grand Dragon Form the moment he entered.

It seemed like they could only exist in their Dragon Forms in this place.

His over 35,000 meters Dragon Form indicated that he was quite strong even among the Grand Dragons.

Yang Kai didn’t take any action immediately and instead silently assessed his body while sensing his surroundings.

His Dragon Vein was oddly active, a sign of his Bloodline surging.

On the other hand, the environment around him felt like an extremely deep pool, with water all around him.

[Is this how the Dragon Pool got its name?]