Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5312, Depths

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The water in the pool did not appear to be ordinary; instead, it had an unusual power that, if absorbed and refined, would greatly help a Dragon enhance their Bloodline.

Yang Kai faintly understood why the Dragon Clan valued the Dragon Pool so much.

This place could strengthen a Dragon’s Bloodline Power, and it also existed as the root of the Dragon Clan, so it was not surprising that they considered it sacred.

Before he could savor the wonders held in the Dragon Pool’s water, there was a burst of Dragon Roars all around, followed by the forms of True Dragons appearing all around.

After following him into the Dragon Pool, the three Young Dragons and the 10 Grand Dragons also transformed into their Dragon Form involuntarily just like him.

The Young Dragons were all less than 10,000 metres long, while the Grand Dragons ranged in length from 25,000 metres to close to 50,000 metres long.

As soon as these Dragons entered the Dragon Pool, they immediately dispersed and surrounded Yang Kai.

[What’s going on?] Yang Kai scrutinised his surroundings with his large Dragon Eyes.

The aura of the Grand Dragons locked Yang Kai and it was obvious that they had malicious intentions.

[Since it was inconvenient to attack me outside, are they trying to take action now that we are in the Dragon Pool?]

It seemed that the Phoenix Clan Head’s warning about battle occurring in the Dragon Pool was true; it wouldn’t be that easy for him to gain benefits from this place as a Human.

One of them was a familiar Black Dragon, who appeared to be Ji Lao San.

Ji Lao San had shown his Dragon Form outside the No-Return Pass, though he was quickly forced back into his Human Form after being captured by Yang Kai. Despite this, Yang Kai would not forget this Dragon Form so quickly.

As Ji Lao San narrowed his eyes, he stared at Yang Kai fiercely, and after moments of struggling, he let out a Dragon Roar, “The top 10,000 metres of the Dragon Pool is yours. If you dare to dive any deeper, don’t blame us for not being polite with you!”

Yang Kai listened in a daze.

For Yang Kai, who was 35,000 metres long in his Dragon Form, 10,000 metres of space was naturally insufficient. Even if he coiled himself up tight, it would still take more than 10,000 metres of space for him to fit. Ji Lao Shan clearly did not have his best interests in mind when he gave this ultimatum.

This should be a consensus of all Dragon Clan members as they roared incessantly after those words left Ji Lao San’s mouth; their Dragon Pressure in the air flowing towards Yang Kai.

The Dragon Pressure was very useful when it came to opponents with a weaker Bloodline even if they were stronger in terms of cultivation. Yang Kai’s own Dragon Pressure played a significant role when he was dealing with Zhu Qing’s Dragon Clan previously.

It was evident from the Dragon Pressure of Ji Lao San and others that their Bloodlines were extremely strong since they succeeded in ascending to the rank of Grand Dragon.

Any Grand Dragon, including those just below 50,000 metres, would not be able to sustain themselves being enveloped by that much Dragon Pressures.

Even Yang Kai felt a lot of pressure, but he was still able to resist it.

After warning Yang Kai, Ji Lao San stared at him fiercely again, flicked his Dragon Tail, and plunged down to the depths of the Dragon Pool, followed by the other Grand Dragons and Young Dragons.

Before leaving, Ji Lao San’s eyes gave off the impression that he was still unwilling and reluctant.

In truth, he had petitioned for all the Grand Dragons to immediately team up after entering the Dragon Pool to force Yang Kai out, preventing him from exploiting the Dragon Clan’s benefits.

Battle was inevitable in the Dragon Pool, and besides, the Dragon Clan was not a submissive race. The Dragon Clan frequently engaged in deadly battles each time the Dragon Pool was opened in an effort to occupy a better position, with the winner being able to gain more advantages.

However, the three Ancient Dragon Elders rejected this idea. After all, the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Old Ancestors were the ones who arranged this whole thing and they had paid quite the price in order to send Yang Kai over.

Furthermore, the three Ancient Dragons knew that Yang Kai, as a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, seemed to be important to the Human Race’s upcoming crusade in some way.

If they outright forced him out without allowing him to gain any advantages, it would be hard for them to explain to the Human Race.

Since he couldn’t be forced out, the only option was to let him stay in the Dragon Pool’s shallowest part. Although not much, there would be benefits for him in this situation, and it wouldn’t harm the Dragon Clan’s interests; thus, they wouldn’t be violating their deal with the Human Race.

Regarding this way of handling the situation, Ji Lao San was somewhat reluctant because Yang Kai shamed him so greatly that all he wanted was to rip him to pieces to vent his rage.

However, he had to comply with the Elders’ words while deep down, he hoped that Yang Kai wouldn’t be so obedient so that he would have an opportunity to discipline him and reclaim the dignity he had lost.

On the other hand, Yang Kai was left helpless as the Grand Dragons and Young Dragons dove deeper into the Dragon Pool.

He was not an idiot, though. Since Ji Lao San allowed him to occupy the Dragon Pool’s shallowest place and prevented him from descending any further down, didn’t that indicate that there were more advantages to be had by diving further?

Yang Kai was naturally unconcerned about Ji Lao San’s threat. How could Ji Lao Shan speak against him like this after being defeated? As long as these Dragon Clan members didn’t join forces, he feared nothing.

He did not, however, instantly dive deeper into the Dragon Pool because he wanted to verify his theory, so he remained in place and silently observed the situation.

The water around the pool did indeed have a marvelous power concealed within, and this power clearly benefited no other living beings than the Dragon Clan.

When his Dragon Vein pulsed, Yang Kai could clearly feel the magical power in the Dragon Pool being absorbed into his body, enhancing his own Bloodline and purifying it.

The Dragon Pool was simply a cultivation paradise for the Dragon Clan. Even if one did nothing in this place, their bloodline could be rapidly enhanced.

In addition, this was only the shallowest part of the Dragon Pool, so what would happen if he went deeper?

Having noticed the effect of the cultivating at this shallow part of the Dragon Pool, Yang Kai wasted no time and swept down with a flick of his body.

But, he frowned immediately after. He initially wanted to manipulate Space Principles to hurry deeper, but was taken aback when the Space Principles which he usually used at any time and anywhere could not be activated in this place.

[Is there some kind of restriction in the Dragon Pool?] Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After trying several attempts, he confirmed that he couldn’t manipulate Space Principles here at all.

In this Dragon Pool, it appeared that only the Dragon Clan’s different techniques could be used.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but chuckle. He was wondering how Ji Lao Shan had the audacity to speak to him so condescendingly after being defeated so badly, but now he understood.

Yang Kai originally thought that it was because there were a lot of allies on Ji Lao San’s side, but now he knew that it was due to the Dragon Pool’s restrictions on any external forces.

Ji Lao San, a Grand Dragon with a Dragon Form of close to 50,000 metres, would really not be scared of him, who was only 35,000 metres long, in this place if they both could only rely on the techniques of the Dragon Clan.

With a quick thought, the back of Yang Kai’s right claw slightly heated up, and the Great Sun Mark appeared on it.

His thoughts flashed again and on his other Dragon Claw, the Great Moon Mark appeared.

It seemed like the Dragon Pool couldn’t restrict these Marks from the Sun’s Burning Light and Moon’s Serene Glimmer, but this was only natural as the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer were the Ancestors of all Divine Spirits. Consequently, no matter how great the Dragon Pool was, it could not restrict the Marks granted by both these Ancestors.

Yang Kai had only wanted to test whether he could access the two marks in the Dragon Pool, but when he really activated them, he discovered that the magical power contained in the water of the Dragon Pool rapidly began flowing into the two marks.

His own Source swiftly surged, and another dormant power in his body reawakened, fused into his Bloodline, it purified it at an astonishing speed.

Yang Kai was tremendously shocked.

He previously used these two marks given by the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer to condense Purifying Light. With the Great Sun Mark absorbing the Yellow Crystals’ power and the Great Moon Mark absorbing the Blue Crystals’ power, Purifying Light could be formed under the fusion of the purest Yin and Yang.

Yang Kai was surprised by these two marks when he was blocked by Ji Lao San. Under the activation of these marks, Ji Lao San was immediately powerless to resist.

Now, there was another new pleasant surprise.

These two marks were able to absorb the mysterious power of the Dragon Pool.

With these two marks, Yang Kai could benefit more from the Dragon Pool than any other Dragon Clan member.

As for the power that was reawakened in his body, it was the power given to him by Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan when they left the Chaotic Dead Territory the first time.

Yang Kai knew nothing about it except that this power could greatly help the enhancement of his Bloodline.

This power had already been awakened twice before, once right after he left the Chaotic Dead Territory, and again when his Dragon Bead cracked in battle. Both times, this power had greatly enhanced his Bloodline. It also rapidly repaired the damage to his Dragon Bead, fixing what would normally have taken hundreds or even thousands of years in less than a decade.

However, that power was simply too profound and mysterious as it did not run out once his Dragon Bead was restored and instead just fell dormant again.

Now, it was once again reawakened with the guidance of the Dragon Pool!

This power already served the purpose of purifying one’s Bloodline, so coupled with the power of the Dragon Pool, Yang Kai instantly felt tingles all over, like he was shedding his former body and being reborn.

His Bloodline was clearly being enhanced at an astonishing speed. His Dragon Bones made audible cracking sounds, his Dragon Scales shivered slightly, and Dragon Blood oozed out from his skin.

He certainly felt that his Dragon Form was growing.

However, this situation didn’t last long, and less than an hour later, due to the Great Sun and Moon Marks’ incredible absorption rate, the power in the water of the Dragon Pool was significantly reduced. This reduction caused the just awakened power to slowly fall dormant once more.

In his heart, Yang Kai understood the mysterious force granted to him by Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan, the Great Sun and Moon Marks, and the Dragon Pool’s power all needed to work in tandem. The Dragon Pool’s power was the stimulant that awakened the mysterious power, and his Marks were the beacons which drew in the water’s power; thus, in order to continue strengthening himself, he needed more Dragon Pool power.

However, after his intense absorption, there was not much Dragon Pool power left nearby. So, it would not be as effective if he remained and continued to absorb the power from there.

When Yang Kai inspected himself, he realised that his Dragon Form had increased by about 20 to 30 metres in this short period of time.

An increase 20 or 30 metres to a body that was 35,000 metres long was nothing, but this was just the beginning!

After releasing the Great Sun and Moon Marks, Yang Kai looked down with his Dragon Eyes, [The Dragon Pool power deeper down should be far denser than it is here since Ji Lao San and the rest all rushed down there.]

Without hesitation, Yang Kai flicked his tail and rushed down to the depths of the Dragon Pool.

How would Yang Kai care about Ji Lao San’s warning? The most important thing right now was to gain as many benefits as possible from the Dragon Pool.