Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5313, Passing Through

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As Yang Kai guessed, the deeper he went into the Dragon Pool, the more intense the mystical power became; however, he did not have any intentions to stop. Since he knew this, it was obvious that the deeper he dove, the better.

This might be the only time he could ever enter the Dragon Pool; thus, he should endeavor to reap as many benefits as possible.

The Dragon Pool seemed bottomless, and Yang Kai dove down tens of thousands of metres, but still saw no signs of any of the other Dragon Clan members. It made him wonder if the space inside the Dragon Pool was somehow distorted. There were three Young Dragons and 10 Grand Dragons who just came in, there should be no reason why there were no signs of them.

Finally, after several thousand more metres, Yang Kai finally came across Dragon Clan members.

Two Young Dragons, both at only around 7,000 to 8,000 metres long, were fighting. They did not use any peculiar Secret Techniques and simply used their physical strength. Yang Kai arrived just as the two Young Dragons were engaged in a fierce melee. They roared as they clawed each other ruthlessly as Dragon Scales were torn off and Dragon Blood splashed everywhere.

Yang Kai was surprised as he did not expect that the Dragon Clan’s internal clashes would be so violent and bloody.

Yang Kai could guess that they were fighting for this spot. This place was already several tens of thousands of metres deep into the Dragon Pool, which appeared to be limits of these Young Dragons. Although they could get more benefits if they went further down, they might not be able to withstand the pressure.

They could grow rapidly by purifying their Bloodline at the physical limit of their bodies, so the deeper position in the Dragon Pool would only belong to the one who was strongest.

The two Young Dragons were about the same size and strength and were in an intense fight when Yang Kai arrived.

The two Young Dragons seemed to sense Yang Kai’s aura and suddenly stopped fighting. They turned their heads towards him and one of them shouted angrily, “How dare you come down here!”

The other Young Dragon also roared, “Get out of here, or I’ll teach you a lesson!”

Yang Kai’s huge Dragon Form passed between them, and with a swipe of his Dragon Tail, he sent the two Young Dragons flying.

How dare these two Young Dragons of less than 10,000 metres speak so disrespectfully to him!? They were so ignorant that Yang Kai did not even bother to reply to them.

When Yang Kai dashed past them, the two Young Dragons tumbled as their vitality roiled. They stared momentarily in the direction that Yang Kai disappeared before they suddenly roared in unison and rushed towards each other to continue their struggle.

They were too weak to be Yang Kai’s opponents, so since their warnings were ignored, they did not try to stop him. There were other Grand Dragons deeper down who would naturally drive Yang Kai away.

The fight was in full swing with the winner getting to stay while the loser would have to retreat.

Yang Kai went down another 10,000 metres and encountered the third Young Dragon.

For this opening of the Dragon Pool, only three Young Dragons had entered. The strength of the previous two was hardly worth mentioning as they were only between 7,000 and 8,000 metres long; thus, they were obviously still far from becoming Grand Dragons. However, this third one was about to advance.

Yang Kai took a quick glance and saw that this Young Dragon’s body size was over 9,000 metres long. If nothing untoward happened, he would break through to the Grand Dragon rank by the end of this Dragon Pool session.

This was also the reason why he could cultivate at this depth without any worries, because he was much stronger than the two Young Dragons above and could occupy a deeper position.

On the contrary, the earlier two Young Dragons had to fight for the best position above.

This Young Dragon was more sensible than his companions. When he sensed Yang Kai’s aura approaching, not only did he not try to stop him and simply made way for him.

He was not looking for trouble and Yang Kai naturally also did not bother him, so he just brushed past the Young Dragon and continued down deeper.

This time, Yang Kai did not encounter a Grand Dragon until he dove another 100,000 metres down. However, this Grand Dragon was less than 20,000 metres in length, so he should be one of the weaker Grand Dragons.

This Grand Dragon wanted to stop Yang Kai, but after looking at Yang Kai’s more than 35,000 metres Golden Dragon Form, he restrained himself.

Within the Dragon Clan, Golden Dragons were known for their ferocity and lethality. With the same Bloodline purity and same body size, none could defeat a Golden Dragon. Yang Kai was almost twice his size, so he knew that he was no match.

The main thing was that Yang Kai seemed to be diving deeper and was not trying to steal his territory.

Yang Kai continued his descent and came across two more Grand Dragons who simply made way. So far, his journey was uneventful.

Yang Kai realized a pattern as he dove deeper. The Young Dragons were separated by about 10,000 metres of depth, while the Grand Dragons were about 100,000 metres apart.

Every 100,000 metres there was a Grand Dragon, so it could be said that the power of the Dragon Pool within 100,000 metres was owned by the Dragon Clan member who took up station there.

This should be a Dragon Clan rule passed down from ancient times.

Yang Kai was outraged when he realized this. How could Ji Lao San only permit him the top 10,000 metres of space? That wasn’t even enough for him to stretch his body. Such impudence!

However, Yang Kai was alarmed at how deep the Dragon Pool was. He was already hundreds of thousands of metres deep, and still was nowhere close to the bottom. Could it be that the Dragon Pool was millions of metres deep? Did it even have a bottom?

He swam through the territories of two more Grand Dragons before he was finally stopped by one.

This Grand Dragon was about the size of Yang Kai, around 35,000 metres long. When this Grand Dragon saw Yang Kai approaching from above, he was furious and roared, “Your courage isn’t small! How dare you come down here!?”

He did not waste any time and lunged towards Yang Kai with his Dragon Claws.

With a 35,000 metres long Dragon Form, these Dragon Claws were both enormous and sharp. Even if Yang Kai was also a Grand Dragon, he would lose a chunk of flesh if he was hit by these claws.

When he attacked, the Grand Dragon also activated his Dragon Pressure as he rushed towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai had expected such a situation. Earlier, he did not encounter any obstacles because those Young Dragons and Grand Dragons felt that they were not his match, and would only make fools of themselves if they attacked him. Now that this Grand Dragon was similar in size, it was only normal that he was challenged.

Since his opponent had used his Dragon Pressure, Yang Kai did not hesitate to use his Source to counter.

However, this time he did not use the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks as there was no need to.

Yang Kai had felt threatened when the 10 Grand Dragons collaborated to pressure him, but it was totally different now that they were one-on-one. When the invisible Dragon Pressure hit him, Yang Kai was totally unaffected. On the contrary, the Grand Dragon that initiated the attack became frozen in place with his claws extended.

Yang Kai slapped his claw on the Grand Dragon’s enormous head, and unleashed a violent strike which sent the Grand Dragon flying away, leaving deep gashes and cracking many Dragon Scales on his opponent in the process.

The Grand Dragon roared painfully, and when he finally managed to stabilize himself and turned to look around, he only saw the figure of Yang Kai continuing down into the depths of the Dragon Pool.

He did not dare to pursue and just stopped in place, shocked and shaken by the encounter.

There was simply no comparison between their Dragon Pressures, which was akin to a competition of their respective Bloodline Power and the might of their Source.

Although the Dragon Clan knew that Yang Kai had a Dragon Source, they just assumed it as an ordinary Source. Even if a Human had the opportunity to integrate a common Dragon Source, he would still not amount to much. At the most, he could have some characteristics and abilities of the Dragon Clan and cultivate some of the Dragon Clan’s Divine Abilities. They still believed this Human to be incomparable to the true members of the Dragon Clan.

They were astonished when they first saw that Yang Kai’s Dragon Form was actually 35,000 metres in length. Very few Humans could refine their Dragon Vein to this extent.

However, the moment their Dragon Pressures were compared, this Grand Dragon knew that everyone in the Dragon Clan had greatly underestimated this Human.

Yang Kai’s Dragon Pressure was far stronger than his, which meant that either his Bloodline Power or his Source was significantly more powerful.

The strength of one’s Bloodline was intuitively represented in the size of the Dragon. The stronger and purer the Bloodline, the larger the body. Which was why the Grand Dragons had to go deeper into the Dragon Pool to cultivate compared to the Young Dragons.

The Dragon Pool was of great help in refining their Bloodline.

Between him and Yang Kai, there was essentially no difference in their size, which meant there was a negligible difference in their Bloodline Power.

That meant that it was all about their Sources!

The opponent’s Source was far superior to his own!

The Grand Dragon was slightly lost in his thoughts; however, more than anything, he was curious about what Dragon Source this Human had managed to acquire. How could the Dragon Source owned by a mere Human be more powerful than that of Pureblooded Dragon?

Moreover, it was a significant difference between them.

[Did this Human managed to find the Source of a Divine Dragon? How could that be?] Throughout the ages, the Dragon Clan did not have many Divine Dragons, with most of them only managing to become Ancient Dragons. A Divine Dragon was among the most powerful existences in the Universe, so it was basically impossible for a Divine Dragon to die outside and lose their Source.

[No… indeed there was one! One lost Divine Dragon Source, and it was not an ordinary Divine Dragon either! The third generation Dragon Emperor’s Source!]

The Grand Dragon was shocked when he reached this conclusion. If this was really the case, then none of them could act brazen in front of this Human. What’s more, no Grand Dragon who had entered the Dragon Pool this time would be his match. When the few Ancient Dragon Elders learned of this Human’s existence, they would have to reassess him.

While the Grand Dragon was pondering doubtfully, Yang Kai had already gone down another 100,000 metres and easily brushed off a 40,000 metres long Grand Dragon.

Dragon Pressure was incredibly useful in the Dragon Pool. Yang Kai did not need to fight the Dragons head-on as with his Dragon Pressure he could just intimidate his opponent into giving way.

The deeper he went down, the more intense the Dragon Pool power became, and the more powerful the Grand Dragons he encountered.

Yang Kai encountered a Grand Dragons of 40,000, 43,000, 45,000, and 48,0000 metres in succession…

All the way through, with his Dragon Pressure flaring, no one dared to oppose him.

Yang Kai had yet to meet Ji Lao San, who was close to 50,000 metres and only a step away from becoming an Ancient Dragon. He was the strongest in this batch of Grand Dragons that entered the Dragon Pool; thus, he would certainly be at the deepest part of the Dragon Pool to cultivate. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Yang Kai was puzzled about him snatching Ji Lao San’s spot in this opening of the Dragon Pool. Logically speaking, if he were to take up a spot from the list of Dragons that entered this time, it should have been from one of the weaker ones.

However, it seemed that the Dragon Clan considered that Ji Lao San was about to advance to become an Ancient Dragon; thus, even if he did not enter the Dragon Pool this time, it would not matter too much. Entering the Dragon Pool would only speed up the process a bit, so they made him give up his spot.

Yang Kai was not sure as to why they allowed Ji Lao San to enter Dragon Pool thereafter, but that was none of his concern.