Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5314, Yin Yang Millstone

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After descending more than 1 million metres into the Dragon Pool, Yang Kai finally encountered Ji Lao San.

The huge Dragon Form was nearly 50,000 metres long and coiled up, hungrily devouring the mysterious power of the Dragon Pool, causing the surrounding water to churn rapidly.

At the first sight of Yang Kai’s figure, Ji Lao San became furious and roared, “Ignorant Human, what impudence!”

This Human was allowed to enter the Dragon Pool, but was supposed to remain in the top 10,000 meters. This was already a great gift from the Dragon Clan, so how dare he dive so deep!?

Ji Lao San already had a grudge against Yang Kai, and now that he had seen his enemy, he could not hold back. He swayed his Dragon Form and pounced.

Despite his rage and hatred, Ji Lao San did not underestimate Yang Kai. Previously, he somehow lost to this Human twice, so he knew the latter was not to be taken lightly.

If they were outside, Ji Lao San would not have dared to act so reckless until he knew what trick Yang Kai was using.

But this was the Dragon Pool.

Within this domain, all external abilities could not be used. The only thing they could rely on was the Dragon Clan’s own strength and techniques.

He was about to break through to become an Ancient Dragon, so how could he be afraid of Yang Kai who was just a Grand Dragon of around 35,000 metres?

Since Yang Kai ignored his warnings, this time he would teach the former a good lesson. It was also a chance to avenge his previous shame. Whether Ji Lao San would kill Yang Kai remained to be seen as that would depend on the latter’s attitude. If Yang Kai begged for mercy, he would consider being merciful and let him live.

With many thoughts passing through his mind, Ji Lao San opened his maw.

*Hou!*

A Dragon Roar suddenly filled the surroundings with intense Dragon Pressure.

Ji Lao San’s huge figure froze in place, and the roar he was about to unleash caught in his throat.

The Dragon Roar just now was not Ji Lao San’s, but Yang Kai’s.

The Dragon Pressure suppression was incredible, and Yang Kai had not held back. Since Ji Lao San blocked his way, he immediately opened his mouth and roared, unleashing the might of his Source to cut through the latter’s Dragon Pressure.

The next moment, Ji Lao San watched helplessly as Yang Kai’s claw slapped his face. He took the full force of the immense power and his whole body was sent tumbling into the distance.

He hissed painfully as Dragon Blood blurred his vision. Ji Lao San even felt his nose had collapsed.

“That bastard is really brutal!” He snarled.

Meanwhile, the Golden Dragon had already swam deeper into the Dragon Pool, with only a faint golden glow looming in the depths.

The faint golden glow soon disappeared as it was too dark to be seen.

Ji Lao San froze in place and had no intention of pursuing. He also appeared stunned and uncertain of what he should do.

A pure-blooded Dragon Clan member, who was about to break through to become an Ancient Dragon, was smacked aside by a Grand Dragon who was only 35,000 metres in length, and was also a Human!

No one in the Clan would believe such an encounter, but it was the truth!

Ji Lao San still could not figure out why he lost to Yang Kai the last time they fought; however, the reason for his defeat just now was obvious and undeniable.

He realized that Yang Kai’s Dragon Pressure… was much stronger than his own, to the point where he was frozen in place by the Bloodline Suppression. If that was not the case, it would have been impossible for him to not fight back when he was more than 10,000 meters bigger.

Ji Lao San was shocked when he came to this realization.

He was about to advance to become an Ancient Dragon, so the only ones that could exert total Bloodline Suppression against him were the Pureblooded Ancient Dragons in his Clan.

But what was Yang Kai? He was a Human, so even if he had the coincidental opportunity to refine and integrate with a Dragon Source, that did not change his original nature.

So, how could he exert such potent Bloodline Suppression?

There was only one explanation for this situation.

The Source that Yang Kai refined… was extraordinarily powerful. Even if the original owner had died, the innate strength of the Source did not weaken much. The only possibility was that Yang Kai’s Source was a remnant of a powerful ancestor of the Dragon Clan!

[An Ancient Dragon Source? No, that wouldn’t be enough. Could it be a Divine Dragon Source?]

Ji Lao San shuddered at the thought. Could the Source that this Human had refined be a legendary Source of the Dragon Clan?

If so, it was understandable that he was not Yang Kai’s opponent. It was also no wonder that Yang Kai could reach this deep without the other Grand Dragons stopping him.

Even Ji Lao San was no match for him, let alone other Grand Dragons who were not as powerful as him.

The biggest clue as to Yang Kai’s Source’s origin was his Dragon Form Golden in colour. Golden Dragons were very rare in the Dragon Clan, and only two or three Golden Dragon Sources had been lost throughout history, with one in particular being of special importance.

[This is something big!] Ji Lao San’s heart began to pound.

Although he was only a Grand Dragon, he knew how much effort the Dragon Clan had spent searching for that lost Source; unfortunately, they could not find anything after countless years and had to finally give up the search.

Unexpectedly, that Source had returned, refined by a Human.

If he was not in the Dragon Pool, Ji Lao San would have gone to report this to the Elders immediately. Now that the Dragon Pool was sealed though, it would be years before it opened again. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

He suppressed his multitude of thoughts and comforted himself. If Yang Kai really had ‘that’ Source, then it only made sense that he was no match for him.

He felt much better when he thought about it this way.

Yang Kai smacked him, moved on, and did not seize his territory. That alone was a blessing in disguise.

Without wasting any more thought on this, Ji Lao San quickly focused on refining the Dragon Pool’s power. He was just one step away from becoming an Ancient Dragon, so he could definitely succeed during this training session. It would not be too late to seek revenge against that hateful Human after he advanced to become an Ancient Dragon.

It was impossible for a 35,000 metres Dragon to achieve a breakthrough in just a few years by absorbing the benefits of the Dragon Pool.

When the Dragon Pool opened once again in a few years, he would be an Ancient Dragon and that Human would still be a Grand Dragon. Even though Yang Kai’s Source was powerful, Ji Lao San would no longer be suppressed so easily. He could then settle their accounts.

[What was that Human’s old adage? Yes, ’10 years is not too long for a gentleman to seek revenge!’]

Yang Kai stopped when he was 500,000 meters away from Ji Lao San.

At this position, he began to feel a trace of pressure not from his body, but from his Dragon Vein.

The further down the Dragon Pool one dove, the denser the ambient power, so this position was 100 times better than the top 10,000 metres he was original granted. However, each Dragon Clan member had their own limit.

That was why the three Young Dragons and 10 Grand Dragons occupied different positions to cultivate based on their own strength.

This location was the limit for Yang Kai as he could feel that if he were to go further down, not only would he not be able to get more benefits, it would probably be detrimental to him.

Upon realizing this, Yang Kai decided not to dive any deeper.

He allowed his body to float in the pool of water while he activated his Golden Divine Dragon Source, devouring and refining the power contained in the Dragon Pool.

All of a sudden, the Dragon Veins in his body throbbed and Dragon Blood flowed through his veins like numerous raging rivers were connected to it.

Invisible power was absorbed into his body and integrated into his blood to refine the power of his Dragon Bloodline.

The tingling sensations came again, and Yang Kai instantly felt like a million ants were gnawing on his body from the inside, drawing a roar of agony from his mouth.

When he first entered the Dragon Pool, Yang Kai tried to devour the Dragon Pool’s power to refine his Bloodline, and although he got some benefits, those were only superficial.

Moreover, the power at the top of the Dragon Pool was not very dense.

Now that he had descended more than 1.5 million meters into the Dragon Pool, where the power was 100 times denser than at the top, the benefits gained were not the same.

Yang Kai looked forward to it eagerly as he wondered just how far his Dragon Bloodline would be refined after he finished cultivating in the Dragon Pool.

An Ancient Dragon was equivalent to an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Yang Kai was not a pure-blood Dragon Clan member and could not exert the full power of an Ancient Dragon, but even so, he would still attain an immense increase in strength if he reached that level.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao considered that the crusade was dangerous and Yang Kai’s Seventh-Order cultivation may not be enough for him to protect himself. Thus, she along with the other Old Ancestors struck a deal to allow him to come to the Dragon Pool to enhance his strength. If he could advance to become an Ancient Dragon, then Yang Kai’s ability to protect himself during the crusade would be greatly increased.

Yang Kai didn’t know what price the Human Race paid to get him into the Dragon Pool and the Dragon Clan did not mention it, so he didn’t bother to ask. Since the price was already paid, he certainly had to make sure he got their money’s worth.

This trip was for him to improve his Bloodline as much as possible to become as strong as he could.

After gradually getting used to the gnawing sensations, Yang Kai immediately activated the Great Sun Mark and Great Moon Mark on his two Dragon Claws.

Generally, when the Dragons entered the Dragon Pool, they would do everything they could to devour and refine the mysterious power in the water. They would activate their own Dragon Source and use it to draw in and refine the power of Dragon Pool. That was the only way for them to strengthen themselves.

However, Yang Kai was different. The Great Sun Mark and the Great Moon Mark could not only draw out the pure power in the Yellow and Blue Crystal, it was also capable drawing in the power of the Dragon Pool.

As soon as the two Great Marks appeared, Yang Kai’s two Dragon Claws instantly turned into two black holes and the rich Dragon Pool power flowed into his body and was devoured by him.

Instantly, Yang Kai’s complexion changed dramatically.

The power absorbed by the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks was so immense that he could not endure it. His Grand Dragon body began to break open with countless wounds out of which his Dragon Blood spurted.

It was no wonder that the Dragon Clan members cultivated in the Dragon Pool at positions according to their own limits. Although the Dragon Pool power was beneficial to them, absorbing too much was counterproductive. If Yang Kai continued to devour the power of the Dragon Pool in this manner, in less than half an hour, his own Source would not be able to endure it.

He was secretly glad that he did not dive any deeper.

He was about to stop when Yang Kai’s expression suddenly changed again.

The power of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer, dormant in Yang Kai’s body, suddenly roared to life.

Previously, when he tried it at the top of Dragon Pool, the power of Dragon Pool was not too strong, and it was well within Yang Kai’s tolerance; thus, he did not feel anything strange as his Bloodline improved extremely quickly.

Now that the Dragon Pool power he had swallowed exceeded his limits, the effect of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer’s power suddenly became obvious.

When these two powers revived in his body, the intersection of Yin and Yang seemed to turn into an invisible millstone that began to swiftly and effectively grind and refine the Dragon Pool power he had devoured into his body.