Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5315, Why so Thin

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In an instant, Yang Kai felt a great reduction in the pressure. The uncomfortable feeling immediately eased and was replaced by an incomparable sense of comfort.

His Dragon Bones emitted a cracking sound. Naturally, when his Dragon Form was growing, his skin would begin to crack and his Dragon Scales begin to tremble continuously; however, he did not feel any pain. There were only tingling sensations as his wounds cycled between opening and healing.

Yang Kai suddenly had an epiphany.

When Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan gifted some of their power to him, they had already considered a situation such as this.

Perhaps it was obvious to them that Yang Kai would come to the Dragon Pool one day. When that happened, the benefits they gave him would be revealed to the fullest.

The power of Yin and Yang converged in his body, and the invisible millstone continued to grind. The immense power of the Dragon Pool was quickly turned into pure nutrients for Yang Kai’s Bloodline.

In just a stick of incense of time, Yang Kai felt his own Dragon Form increase by about 100 metres.

This increase was extremely alarming. The stronger the Dragon Clan member, the more difficult it was to enhance their Bloodline. Although Yang Kai already some 35,000 metres in length, his Bloodline still had huge room for improvement. Without some external help, just cultivating on his own, an increase of 100 metres would normally take at least several dozens of years for a Dragon.

This was also the reason why Yang Kai hardly deliberately aimed to cultivate his Dragon Clan Bloodline, because it was simply too time consuming.

Dragons all had extremely long lifespans, and since they guarded the No-Return Pass all year round, hardly facing any attacks, there was enough time for them to focus on such things. It was something they could afford to do while Yang Kai could not.

Previously, at the top of Dragon Pool, Yang Kai also activated the Great Sun and Moon Marks to draw in the power of Dragon Pool, but in that position, more than an hour had passed before his Dragon Form increased by a mere 20 metres, which was not comparable to the current efficiency.

This was the great benefit that the Dragon Pool could bring.

The rapid strengthening of his Bloodline meant an increase in strength. The feeling was so intoxicating that Yang Kai soon immersed himself entirely in it, hungrily devouring the power of the Dragon Pool around him.

…..

Dragon Clan had three families. Ji, Zhu, and Fu.

The Dragon Clan did not have a surname in the beginning, but as the leaders of all Divine Spirits, from some unknown era onward, the Dragon Clan began to have its own surnames.

Zhu Wu You was one of the few Young Dragons of this generation of Dragon Clan. Although he was considered a Young Dragon, the truth was he was already several hundred years old. A Dragon’s growth was extremely slow, after all. He was only 7,000 metres long and was considered the youngest of the entire Dragon Clan.

The Dragon Clan actively supported the cultivation of all Young Dragons; after all, it was very difficult for the Dragon Clan to reproduce and any pure-blooded clansmen was extremely precious.

In fact, not only the Dragon Clan, but all Divine Spirit’s had difficulty reproducing. It was very common for countless years to pass without the birth of a new clansman.

It was still bearable for the Dragon Clan as they could get a new clansman in the span of hundreds or thousands of years. Some Divine Spirit Clans completely withered as they could not give birth to new life even in hundreds of thousands of years.

This could be the will of the Heavenly Way to achieve some kind of balance; after all, any Divine Spirit would eventually grow to be extremely powerful as time passed.

As one of the only three Young Dragons in the clan today, Zhu Wu You was naturally qualified to enter the Dragon Pool to cultivate.

The last time the Dragon Pool was opened was before he was born, so he did not have that opportunity. Thus, this was his first time entering the Dragon Pool to cultivate.

Although it was his first time entering the Dragon Pool, there was no need for any guidance as he was a pure-blood Dragon Clan member. His Bloodline Inheritance was enough for him to easily understand everything about the Dragon Pool.

Zhu Wu You was cultivating at the uppermost 10,000 metres of the Dragon Pool. As he activated his Source, he absorbed and devoured the mysterious power in the Dragon Pool. He purified his Bloodline and repaired the wounds on his body.

In order to occupy a deeper position, he fought his own clansmen fiercely; however, he lost in the end.

As the loser, he had to retreat to a higher position. This was an established rule of the Dragon Clan.

There was no shame in his defeat, as his opponent’s Bloodline was a little stronger than his, and more importantly, his opponent was much older and experienced.

Still, while devouring and refining the Dragon Pool power and silently licking his wounds, Zhu Wu You was still sore about the defeat. When his injuries healed and his Bloodline became stronger, he would go and fight with that Young Dragon again, determined to snatch a better position.

Although the clan Elders were generous in facilitating the Young Dragons’ cultivation, when in the Dragon Pool, they had to rely on themselves to fight for benefits.

Half a month passed by, but as Zhu Wu You was silently cultivating, he suddenly opened his eyes. He felt that something was strange as he looked around, like his surroundings had somehow changed.

After a few moments of careful observation, Zhu Wu You finally realized what was wrong.

The Dragon Pool power had become incredibly weak at his location.

[What is happening?] Zhu Wu You began to worry. His position was bad enough to begin with, and now the Dragon Pool power had become incredibly thinner! How could he refine his Bloodline properly in this scenario? Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

[Was the stored power in the Dragon Pool too weak when it opened? I’ve only been cultivating for half a month. Could I have already absorbed almost all of the power within the top 10,000 metres?]

He originally thought that he would be able to advance this time; after all, his more than 7,000 metres long Dragon Body was not too far from becoming a Grand Dragon. One trip to the Dragon Pool to cultivate should be enough for a breakthrough.

However, if the Dragon Pool power was too thin, then it was not possible for him to achieve a breakthrough.

After taking a closer look at himself, he realized that his Dragon Form had increased by more than 100 metres in this half a month of cultivating. This was acceptable as he could cultivate in the Dragon Pool for several years this time; however, now that the Dragon Pool power had become so thin, it would be extremely difficult to further improve and grow.

After pondering for a while, Zhu Wu You swam down. Since his own region did not have enough Dragon Pool power, he could only rob others of it. He knew that he would have had to do this at some point, but he did not expect it to be so soon.

A short while later at 10,000 metres down, he heard a roar, “Zhu Wu You! You court death!”

Zhu Wu You coldly snorted and snapped back, “Enough nonsense. The last time I was careless, but this time I’ll show you what I’m capable of!”

Amid the roars, the two Young Dragons, one around 7,000 and the other around 8,000 metres long, entangled and began to claw at and bite each other. The fight was vicious and bloody.

In the Dragon Pool, no external powers could be utilized. The Dragon Clan could only rely on their own skills. The Dao of Time was a Dragon Clan’s Bloodline Talent, but the two Young Dragons were not qualified to utilize this power. During their fight, they could only pit their physical strength against the other. From time to time, they might use their Dragon Clan Secret Techniques, but for the most part it was just a brutal melee.

This battle lasted for half a month, and both Young Dragons were now badly injured. A large portion of the Dragon Scales on Zhu Wu You’s head were torn off, exposing bloody wounds. Zhu Wu You’s opponent, Fu Qian’s abdomen had a wound of more than several tens of metres long. It even exposed his squirming internal organs.

Fu Qian looked at Zhu Wu You in disbelief, not knowing why he was so desperate to fight for this place.

When the Dragon Clan members entered the Dragon Pool, they naturally had to fight for better territory; however, the fights weren’t life-or-death struggles. After all, the Dragon Pool was meant to cultivate in and for them to get stronger. The stronger one would keep the better position while the weaker one would retreat. That was the rule of cultivating in the Dragon Pool.

When he first entered Dragon Pool, Fu Qian fought with Zhu Wu You, and came out the winner; as such, he remained at the deeper position while Zhu Wu You swam up.

Half a month later, Zhu Wu You came to challenge him again, which surprised Fu Qian. Since he had already defeated Zhu Wu You once though, he was unafraid.

Still, their battle this time was different. Zhu Wu You was much fiercer, to the point where he seemed almost desperate. It was as if he was willing to fight to the bitter end, proof of which was that Zhu Wu You did not retreat even after battling for half a month.

Fu Qian was extremely annoyed. The Dragon Pool was only open for a short period, so any time spent on fighting was taken away from cultivating. What Zhu Wu You was doing was completely detrimental to both of them.

“Zhu Wu You, have you gone insane?” Fu Qian asked in frustration. He had acted according to the rules and did not offend him, so why was he so determined?

Zhu Wu You raised his head and declared arrogantly, “Cut the crap! If you think that you’re not my opponent, then go up, this place belongs to me!”

Fu Qian was furious, “Outrageous! Since you refuse a toast, don’t blame me for not showing mercy.”

“Come!”

And so, the two Dragons began their fight again after the brief exchange; however, this time, it only took around two days before the injured Young Dragons suddenly separated, both of them now looking around in all directions.

After a few moments, Fu Qian looked over and remarked, “What’s going on? Why has the Dragon Pool power become so weak?” He could sense that the Dragon Pool power contained in the water had become so thin that it was no longer useful for him to cultivate.

Zhu Wu You said, “Ha… You feel it too, right?”

Fu Qian suddenly realized, “The Dragon Pool power above somehow got depleted, so you came down here to steal from my territory?” Zhu Wu You was not his match, yet he kept desperately fighting for this position. There had to be a reason, and Fu Qian knew what it was.

Zhu Wu You grunted and replied, “Do you think I have nothing better to do?”

Fu Qian became even more annoyed with this confirmation. This bastard ran out of Dragon Pool power and came to rob from him. Now both of their positions were depleted of power.

“Still, why is the Dragon Pool power so weak?” Fu Qian wondered as he suppressed his anger.

The Dragon Pool power was naturally not unlimited. If it was, then a Dragon Clan members could all just live in the Dragon Pool all year round and sooner or later they would all become Ancient Dragons. Each time the Dragon Pool closed after being used, it would take hundreds to thousands of years to reopen again. That was because the Dragon Pool required time to restore its power.

When the power of the Dragon Pool was basically fully restored, it would reopen. Thus, there was no fixed duration to the time between its closure and the next opening. It all depended on how long the Dragon Pool needed to restore itself.

However, generally speaking, the time between openings did not differ much and it happened sufficiently frequently to meet the needs of the Dragon Clan.

This time, something was clearly different.

Zhu Wu You was now in a much better mood as he was not the only one who encountered this anomaly.

“Who knows? Maybe there was too much consumption last time.”

Fu Qian shook his head. If it really was due to the Dragon Pool being depleted too much during the last opening, then the Elders would definitely have delayed the opening of the Dragon Pool. Now that the Dragon Pool had been opened, it meant that the power of Dragon Pool was enough to meet the needs of the Dragon Clan members who entered. It did not make sense for the power to be used up so soon.

However, right now, it was a fact that the Dragon Pool power was so thin in Fu Qian’s territory, while it must be the same for Zhu Wu You.

What should they do now?