Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5318, Naked

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the silence, a Grand Dragon sighed as he explained, “Shi Liu, we can’t help it. The power of the Dragon Pool above has been depleted, so there was no way for us to cultivate.”

Fu Shi Liu shouted angrily, “So you came down here to rob from me?”

Another Grand Dragon said, “That has been the rule of the Dragon Pool since ancient times, what do you have to complain about?”

Fu Shi Liu glared viciously at the Grand Dragon who spoke second. He really could not complain when his other clansmen were competing for his territory; however, they came as a group to fight him for his territory, which was why he was so angry.

There was no point in dwelling on this subject now, though, as the Dragon Pool power in Fu Shi Liu’s territory had almost been depleted as well.

Suppressing his anger, Fu Shi Liu looked down into the depths of the Dragon Pool and asked, “Did something change down there? Why is the power of the Dragon Pool so weak this time?”

A Grand Dragon replied, “If you carefully sense what is happening below, there seems to be some kind of force that is drawing in and devouring the power of the Dragon Pool at an incredible rate. That’s why our positions were affected. If I’m right, it should be because of ‘that’ Senior down there.”

Upon hearing this, the other Grand Dragons seemed enlightened.

Another Grand Dragon nodded and said, “Yes, if it’s really due to him, then it explains the changes in the power of the Dragon Pool. If he is trying to achieve a breakthrough, then he will certainly need a lot of power.”

“Then what do we do? We won’t know how long he will take to break through. We can’t just wait here and do nothing!”

“Naturally, we cannot wait here. Since there is no more Dragon Pool power up here, then we should continue down. As long as we’re careful not to interfere with him, we should be fine.”

All the Grand Dragons nodded in agreement while the three Young Dragons were confused.

Zhu Wu You came up to Big Brother Ji and whispered, “What are they talking about? Who is the one down below?”

Big Brother Ji replied, “How would I know?”

Zhu Wu You was surprised and exclaimed, “Not even you know?”

A nearby Grand Dragon glanced over and coldly snorted, “Three Brats, don’t be so curious. You will know when it is time for you to know.”

As they were talking, the other Grand Dragons already began to swim downward while the Grand Dragon who spoke to Zhu Wu You immediately shouted, “Keep up, all of you. This is a rare opportunity. Normally it would be impossible for you little ones to visit the depths that we’re going to.”

Zhu Wu You immediately flicked his tail and followed.

He also did not expect the situation to go this far. Initially, he went to Fu Qian’s territory to fight for benefits. Now, half a year later, this team has expanded to include all three Young Dragons and seven Grand Dragons.

There had never been a time when the situation in the Dragon Pool was like this.

What Zhu Wu You was more curious about was who the Grand Dragons were referring to; unfortunately, the Grand Dragons would not tell him anything and he could not do anything about it.

After a long journey, they encountered two more Grand Dragons, but no fights broke out because they also felt that something was abnormal in the depths below.

After explaining the situation, the group expanded again.

Now there were three Young Dragons and nine Grand Dragons descending to the depths of the Dragon Pool. Except for the strongest Ji Lao San, the rest of the Young Dragons and Grand Dragons were all gathered together.

Soon, the group arrived at Ji Lao San’s territory.

The leading Grand Dragon took a look from afar and stopped the clansmen behind him.

The other Grand Dragons were puzzled, looked towards Ji Lao San and also sensed something.

Only the three Young Dragons were completely confused and did not understand why everyone had stopped. The isolation power in the Dragon Pool was too strong at this depth, and they were too weak to detect the situation Ji Lao San was in.

Zhu Wu You was blunt, impatient, and spoke without thinking twice, so he swam towards the lead Grand Dragon and asked softly, “Uncle Shi Liu, what is the situation down there?”

Fu Shi Liu glanced at him, wanting to ignore this cheeky brat, but he soon realized that Zhu Wu You would just keep pestering him if his curiosity was not satisfied, so he reluctantly explained, “He’s about to break through.”

Zhu Wu You was surprised and exclaimed, “Third Uncle is about to achieve a breakthrough just half a year after entering the Dragon Pool?”

Fu Shi Liu replied, “Your Third Uncle was just one step away from becoming an Ancient Dragon. Furthermore, his Source is not bad. There is nothing strange about taking only half a year to achieve a breakthrough. In fact… this can already be considered slow. Previously, we all believed that he would only need three months to break through.”

The reason for the delay must be that the Dragon Pool power had become thinner, causing Ji Lao San to take a few more months to accumulate enough.

Big Brother Ji asked with great concern, “Uncle Shi Liu, now that the Dragon Pool power is so weak, will Third Uncle be affected?”

Fu Shi Liu replied, “Of course he will be impacted if he does not accumulate enough power. Now that he has accumulated enough though, his Bloodline is undergoing a transformation and the need for external power is not as great. Thus, the depletion of the Dragon Pool power will not interfere with his breakthrough.”

Big Brother Ji heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing this.

There would be trouble if Ji Lao San’s breakthrough failed. However, it appeared that the weakened power of the Dragon Pool had no impact on his Third Uncle, which meant that the latter’s breakthrough was a certainty. Henceforth, the Dragon Clan would have another Ancient Dragon.

They were able to sense that Ji Lao San was at a critical moment of breakthrough; thus, the Dragon Clan team stopped so as not to disturb him.

As Ji Lao San was about to achieve a breakthrough, Yang Kai was also happy in the deeper parts of the Dragon Pool.

He felt that his Dragon Vein was undergoing some amazing changes, and his Bloodline had become purer and more condensed.

He was not afraid of the changes to his body and more afraid that nothing would change since that would mean that all his efforts had been in vain.

The pain was intense and Yang Kai grunted repeatedly, but it was mixed with joy and excitement.

Then suddenly, Yang Kai’s entire body was invigorated and he felt as if he had broken through some kind of shackle, allowing his Dragon Vein and Bloodline to suddenly rise to a higher realm.

His skin cracked and his Dragon Scales that were trembling began to shed.

This sudden change caught Yang Kai off guard. Dragon Scales could be said to be a Dragon’s strongest protection. With his current length of 50,000 metres, even if he took a direct blow from a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Master, his Dragon Scales might not fall off. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

But now, a few had actually shed on their own.

Before he knew what was happening, more Dragon Scales fell from his body.

Yang Kai was shocked.

He did not know if this was a good sign; after all, without their Dragon Scales, how could a Dragon protect itself? Not to mention, his Dragon Scales gave him a majestic and imposing look. Without those Dragon Scales… he looked naked and hideous.

Yang Kai could not even bare to imagine a naked Dragon without scales.

Yang Kai was powerless to stop the continued shedding of his Dragon Scales though. At the same time, his Dragon Bead was pulsing. Every time the Dragon Bead pulsed, a mysterious power would escape and be absorbed into his Dragon Vein.

In just half an hour’s time, Yang Kai’s body had been stripped clean of Dragon Scales and he had indeed become a fully naked Dragon.

[Is this how a Dragon breaks through? Is it always like this?]

Yang Kai was not sure if his Dragon Scales could still grow out. Although it was likely that they would grow out again, there was always a chance that they might not as he was not a pure-blooded Dragon Clan member.

If they really didn’t grow back…

Yang Kai secretly made up his mind that if that happened, he would never show his Dragon Form to others in the future; it would simply be too embarrassing.

While he was thinking that, fresh blood oozed out of his cracked skin, and strangely enough, the fresh blood that oozed out was not golden.

Yang Kai had been bleeding Golden Blood since long ago.

But now, instead of Golden Blood, the fresh blood oozing out of his body was red in colour.

Yang Kai could not be bothered to think about his image now. As the fresh red blood continued to seep out, it seemed that some wonderful changes were happening within himself. It was as if something was being purged from his body along with the blood…

A thought suddenly flashed across Yang Kai’s mind.

[Is this because I’m Human!?]

A Divine Spirit Source was an extremely profound and mysterious treasure. Anyone who had attained a Divine Spirit Source had the capacity to transform into a true Divine Spirit if they could cultivate it to the limit.

Dragon and Phoenix Clan Sources were no exception.

However, the chances of this were very slim, which was why the Dragon Clan had an innate dislike for Yang Kai. Even if he managed to obtain and refine a Dragon Source, it did not change the fact that he was still Human. At best, he only managed to acquire an impure Dragon Bloodline.

Although Yang Kai previously bled Golden Dragon Blood, that was not the blood of a Pureblood Dragon. At his core, he was essentially still Human.

Now, Yang Kai could clearly feel that he was being transformed into a Pureblood Dragon, and the Human part of him was being purged.

He was shocked as he did not expect this to happen during his advancement to becoming an Ancient Dragon.

As a Human, Yang Kai never felt inferior to any other Race. The Human Race was indeed inherently weak, without all the innate advantages a Divine Spirit possessed; however, it was the weakness of the Human Race that enabled it to have so many possibilities.

Without humans, the 3,000 Worlds would be empty and uncivilized, completely lacking in culture, though the beauty of nature might be more apparent.

If he was not Human, he would not have been able to see the Black Ink Battlefield, where the countless Human soldiers sacrificed their lives to protect their homes and families.

As a Human, Yang Kai did not feel inferior. Since he was born weak, then he had to try harder to be strong.

Compared to the Divine Spirits, the Human Race could really be considered weak.

Even so, he was born a Human, and was proud of it.

Was his root as a Human going to leave him now?

Yang Kai suddenly felt a bit conflicted. He had never considered this possibility previously. He had always assumed he would be a Human even if he possessed a Dragon Source.

However, at this moment, he began to think a lot about such matters.

He never imagined that he would care so much about being Human.

The Dragon Bead was still pulsing endlessly, and as his Bloodline continued to agitate, more portions of his Human physique were rejected. Now, his close to 50,000 metres Dragon Form was covered in fresh red blood.

Yang Kai opened his mouth and released a deep Dragon Roar.

Why should he care about being a Human or Dragon? As long as he could kill the Black Ink Clan, what did it matter? So what if his Human blood was purged? Did that mean that he was no longer a Human?

He was born and raised by Humans! His parents were still in the Star Boundary!

More fresh blood poured out and soon completely engulfed Yang Kai. His Dragon Roar gradually subsided and the Dragon Pool fell silent.

At the same time, further up the Dragon Pool, another Dragon Roar sounded.

Ji Lao San had become an Ancient Dragon!

Although the power of the Dragon Pool had weakened considerably, he had accumulated enough to achieve a breakthrough.

Of course, his advancement was not as problematic as Yang Kai’s; after all, he was a pure-blood Dragon and did not need to purge anything from his body. It was easier for him since he could omit this step.

Had he been in Yang Kai’s position, it was unclear if he could achieve a similar breakthrough.