Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5320, Advancement to become an Ancient Dragon

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Ji Lao San had become an Ancient Dragon and had keener eyesight than the others, so he could see that the Human was at the critical juncture on the verge of a breakthrough.

This was also the reason why he did not descend any further.

He wanted to regain his dignity, but he would endanger the life of the Human if he were to interfere at such a crucial moment. If the other side failed to break through because of his interruption, it would become a blood feud that only death could end.

Furthermore, he was unsure if he could even get near with the intense, pulsating Dragon Pressure.

Muffled grunts were emitted irregularly from the blood cocoon below, as if a powerful life was being awoken. Along with each muffled grunt, a powerful wave of Dragon Pressure would burst forth.

The Grand Dragons were at a loss as to what to do.

After a long silence, Ji Lao San finally said, “There’s no telling how long it will take him to break through. So, take care and go around him to cultivate deeper in the Dragon Pool.”

There was no point in them all waiting here. The opening of the Dragon Pool was an opportunity for the Dragons to cultivate, so they should not be wasting their time idling around.

“What about you, Third Brother?” A Grand Dragon asked.

Ji Lao San pondered for a moment and then said, “I’ll stay here to observe the situation.”

Since he had achieved a breakthrough and become an Ancient Dragon, it could be said that he had achieved his goal for this trip into the Dragon Pool. It did not matter if continued to cultivate or not.

More importantly, he wanted to wait for Yang Kai’s breakthrough, and then have another match with him to determine once and for all who was better. The humiliation that Yang Kai caused him in front of the No-Return Pass had to be settled. Since now was not a good time, he simply had to wait until Yang Kai was done with his breakthrough.

The Grand Dragon who asked the question must have sensed Ji Lao San’s intentions, and did not try to talk him out of it; he simply nodded and said, “Good. Third Brother, take care.”

It seemed this Human had a thing or two up his sleeve. The commotion during the breakthrough was intense, so if he became an Ancient Dragon, his strength would probably be quite profound and Ji Lao San might not be his match. If he was not careful, he might lose to the Human again; however, since Ji Lao San insisted, it was inappropriate for him to try to convince him otherwise.

Since a decision had been made, the Grand Dragons placed the three Young Dragons in the middle for protection then swam around the Dragon Pressure filled area below to dive deeper into the Dragon Pool, soon disappearing from sight.

At this moment, Yang Kai’s entire body was wrapped in the blood cocoon and his mind was empty and totally relaxed like never before.

His Dragon Vein was pulsating and his body was undergoing a radical transformation.

After a period of time, he suddenly felt an inexplicable restraint.

He stretched his limbs and with crackling sounds, the bindings were torn open like a thin membrane.

He was slightly shocked and quickly realized that there was nothing really restricting him. Instead, there was a blood cocoon that had wrapped around him at some point.

The blood cocoon was naturally the part of him that was Human, and now, with the purity and strength of his Dragon Vein reaching a certain height, the part had been discarded.

When the blood cocoon was torn apart, it shattered to pieces and scattered into the flow of the Dragon Pool.

Yang Kai literally shed his former body and was reborn!

With a resounding Dragon Roar, Yang Kai’s Dragon Pressure reverberated throughout the Dragon Pool and brilliant golden light was emitted from all over his body.

Ji Lao San watched from afar filled with a complicated expression as the golden light was so glaring that he could hardly open his eyes… 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

His breakthrough to the Ancient Dragon realm was not nearly as eventful.

In contrast to his bitterness, Yang Kai appeared quite joyful.

His Divine Sense surged and he quickly examined his own body, feeling as if his Dragon Vein had never been so pure and strong. His 50,000 metres form was even more fearful and appeared invincible.

Yang Kai was even more satisfied that his Dragon Scales had regrown!

He was no longer naked like before.

Although the new Dragon Scales still look a bit delicate and not as strong as before, they were new and would harden over time.

When his scales matured, they alone would be able to block off a blow from an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

After Ji Lao San advanced to become an Ancient Dragon, he grew in length by about 3,000 metres. However, Yang Kai did not, mainly because the Dragon Pool power here was completely depleted. If there was enough Dragon Pool power around, his body would have grown tremendously.

Yang Kai was full of joy and laughed loudly, but his laughter came out as continuous Dragon Roars.

Ji Lao San narrowed his eyes and clenched his claws, muttering to himself, “So noisy…”

The next moment, he saw a blur and Yang Kai’s huge body instantly rushed towards him.

Ji Lao San backed up instinctually as he and exclaimed, “What?”

He had remained there to wait for Yang Kai to advance to become an Ancient Dragon, planning to fight him to determine who was stronger. However, when the moment came, he became hesitant.

This couldn’t be helped as his opponent’s Dragon Pressure was significantly stronger than his. Having just broken through, Yang Kai would not be familiar with his new strength and wouldn’t be able to restrain himself. Worse, even from so far away Ji Lao San already felt his Dragon Vein being suppressed.

If they fought now, the only possibly result would be him being one-sidedly beaten.

Not only that, when Yang Kai broke through to the Ancient Dragon realm, his Bloodline was completely refined and he had become a Pureblood Dragon.

Unlike before, Ji Lao San no longer saw Yang Kai as someone who was half Dragon and half Human.

Now, this Golden Dragon in front of him could be considered as his clansman, although he still hated Yang Kai’s guts…

Yang Kai looked at him with his Dragon Head tilted and seemed to be smiling. He then said, “Relax, I came to thank you!”

Although he was wrapped in the blood cocoon and his mind was emptied, he could still perceive what was happening in the outside world. After his breakthrough, the events that had transpired would naturally be recalled.

Yang Kai was surprised that Ji Lao San did not take advantage of the crucial period before his breakthrough to interrupt him. With his prior arrogance, it would not be surprising for the latter to interfere so as to disrupt his advancement.

However, Ji Lao San did no such thing.

This saved Yang Kai a lot of trouble.

“There’s no need to thank me!” Ji Lao San coldly snorted and stared at Yang Kai with narrowed eyes as fury raged in his heart.

It was as if Yang Kai did not notice it, or perhaps, he did not care about the other party’s attitude. He just turned his head towards the bottom and said, “I just made a breakthrough and need some Dragon Pool power to continue to refine. The power here had been depleted, I’ll be heading down now.”

After saying so, his body flicked and he swam down the depths of the Dragon Pool.

*Pa…*

As Yang Kai was departing though, his Dragon Tail flicked and hit Ji Lao San’s body, throwing him far away.

After he managed to stabilize himself, Ji Lao San gritted his teeth and roared, “Bastard!”

Ji Lao San was convinced that Yang Kai did it on purpose, whipping him with his tail because he sensed that Ji Lao San still wanted to fight with him.

After cursing, Ji Lao San became a little dismayed. He was also an Ancient Dragon now, so how could he just accept being smacked by a tail for no reason? He was hit by Yang Kai only because the moment Yang Kai made a move, his Dragon Pressure had suppressed Ji Lao San which caused his reaction to become extremely slow.

Ji Lao San secretly sighed, knowing his desire to fight against Yang Kai was pointless. Since Yang Kai knew that Ji Lao San was not his match, he smacked him with the tail as a warning to him.

He had now confirmed that Yang Kai had refined a Divine Dragon Source; otherwise, it was impossible for him to have such powerful Dragon Pressure.

The Golden Divine Dragon Source; it could be none other than that legendary existence.

Ji Lao San felt a little better when he thought of it that way. He was not inferior to Yang Kai, it was just that his Source was not as strong as that legendary Ancestor’s.

The day his Source reached the height of a Divine Dragon, he would be able to take on Yang Kai!

With this thought in mind, Ji Lao San hastily headed deeper into the Dragon Pool.

At the same time, Yang Kai was already dove quite deep. He met the three Young Dragons and the nine Grand Dragons, all of whom quickly moved away with looks of disbelief.

Nonetheless, he did not care. He was starving now.

It was not the regular feeling of hunger. It came from the depths of his Bloodline.

Yang Kai had just achieved a breakthrough to become an Ancient Dragon with extremely pure and strong Dragon Vein. Now, all he wanted was to devour more power to satiate and strengthen himself. Unfortunately, the Dragon Pool power in his previous territory had been depleted.

Thus, he could only continue deeper down into the pool, so as to fill the void his Bloodline made him feel.

After passing those Grand Dragons and Young Dragons, Yang Kai did not know how much farther he swam down, but eventually he activated the Great Sun and Moon Marks, and the huge Dragon Pool power poured into his body, turning into powerful nutrients.

Yang Kai felt a wave of relief.

With the sound of bones cracking from within his Dragon Body, his 50,000 metres Dragon Form that had just stabilized began to grow rapidly.

Not only that, as his own Bloodline had been purified, the secrets hidden deep within it had begun to awaken.

The Dragon Clan’s inheritance!

The inheritance of Humans relied heavily on various ancient books and careful instruction from one’s Elders. However, Divine Spirits were different.

A Divine Spirit’s inheritance was always hidden deep within their Bloodline. Even without the guidance of any Elders, or any ancient books and records, as long as their Bloodline was purified to a certain degree, these inheritances would naturally awaken.

This was a kind of innate response to the scarcity of Divine Spirits.

Even if there were few Divine Spirits in the Clan, and there were no Elders to guide the next generation, their inheritance could not be cut off so simply. After all, according to the Heavenly Way, Bloodline Inheritance was the basis of a Divine Spirit’s strength. It was an inheritance that could be ensured so long as the Divine Spirit’s Bloodline remained.

Now that Yang Kai had advanced to become an Ancient Dragon, he started benefiting from this inheritance.

He was consuming the power of the Dragon Pool to enhance his body, while feeling the gift from the depths of his Bloodline.

The Dragon Clan’s Bloodline Talent was the Dao of Time!

Yang Kai’s attainments in the Dao of Time were not low. At least, he had not met anyone who had gone farther than himself with this Grand Dao. According to his own classification, he had reached the sixth level of Exceeding the Ordinary to Reach the Extraordinary.

Although there was still a huge gap when compared to his mastery over the Dao of Space, which was at the eighth level, Summiting the Peak, it was not bad at all.

Throughout history, the only person he knew of who might be able to surpass him in the Dao of Time was Flowing Time Great Emperor.

Perhaps it was possible for Yang Xiao and Yang Xue to have surpassed him as well; after all, these two children were the Successors of Flowing Time Great Emperor. Even so, they were probably still a bit too young.

The Dao of Time was extremely difficult to master. Yang Kai had already reached the sixth level, but had made no further progress for many years.

With the Dragon Clan’s Bloodline Inheritance, and his own Dragon Vein, which had been refined to the point that he transformed to become a Pureblood Dragon, many obscure points from the past were now clear.

Yang Kai was overjoyed. This trip to the No-Return Pass was a huge success. Just achieving a breakthrough to become an Ancient Dragon was worth the effort. Not to mention, he could now improve his mastery over the Dao of Time.

He also managed to reap a lot of benefits from the Phoenix Clan.

While Yang Kai was thirstily absorbing the Dragon Clan Inheritance from his Bloodline, the beast with the giant eyes looked on angrily from the depths of the Dragon Pool.

[Who the Hell is this little bastard?] He had already moved far away from Yang Kai previously, but how could he have known that Yang Kai would continue chasing after him. Did he really think that an old man like him would not dare to teach others a lesson?