Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5321, Fu Guang

Translator: Silavin & June

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The beast with the giant eyes was at least several hundreds of thousands of metres away from Yang Kai, so at such a distance, even if he was extremely strong, it was difficult for him to fully perceive the situation due to the isolation power of the Dragon Pool.

He could only detect there was some commotion where Yang Kai was.

[This Brat hasn’t broken through yet?] The beast with the giant eyes felt a little strange. [How could he have not broken through after he swallowed so much Dragon Pool power? Could it be that this Junior’s talent is just that horrendous?]

However, it was clear that this little one was very determined.

The beast heaved a sigh and was satisfied that Yang Kai had the right attitude. He could not blame Yang Kai for not being talented enough. He would just go deeper and give this brat some room to cultivate. After all, he couldn’t fight with a brat just because he was disturbed.

The beast with giant eyes did not intend to help Yang Kai. A Dragon’s breakthrough depended mainly on themselves and outsiders could not help.

The giant beast silently swam down another hundred thousand metres until it finally could not feel the disturbances above.

Time flew by and two months later, Yang Kai’s body size increased again by nearly 10,000 metres. Now his Dragon Form was almost 60,000 metres.

50,000 metres was the baseline for being an Ancient Dragon, which was comparable to a newly advanced Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Yang Kai’s 60,000 metres Dragon Form meant that he had firmly established himself in this realm.

It was unimaginable for a Dragon to grow by 10,000 metres within two months. If Dragons really could grow at such speeds, there would have been a terrifying number of Ancient and Divine Dragons throughout history.

This was all because Yang Kai was able to devour enormous amounts of the Dragon Pool power during that short period of time, and even that was only possible with the assistance of the Great Sun and Moon Marks. The Yin-Yang Power left behind by the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer was also essential as it acted like a millstone to grind and refined the power from the Dragon Pool so Yang Kai could more easily absorb it.

However, Yang Kai also noticed that the more he progressed, the more difficult it became to improve.

When he first came here, his body size could increase by several dozens to over 100 metres a day, but currently, it was down to less than a dozen metres a day.

One reason was his Dragon Vein was stronger and purer, so the same amount of Dragon Pool power was unable to enhance him as much as before. The second was the Dragon Pool power at his location had again been depleted.

After such wanton consumption, the Dragon Pool power was much thinner than before.

This time, Yang Kai did not wait for the Dragon Pool power to be completely depleted. As soon as he felt that the power was significantly weaker than before, Yang Kai proceeded downwards another 100,000 metres.

The beast with the giant eyes was disturbed once again and flared his nostrils furiously.

“What’s the meaning of this? Is that Brat intentionally taunting me?” He wondered.

Another two months later, he felt a disturbance from above. It appeared like the annoying Junior had descended again.

He decided that three times was the limit of his tolerance. One more intrusion into his territory and he would be forced to discipline that Brat!

Two months later, the beast with the giant eyes looked up again, but now he was not angry and instead full of doubts as he once again perceived movement from above.

He previously thought that those movements were made by that Junior using the Ancient Dragon Vein Tempering Art, but now it seemed like something was amiss.

After so much time, whoever it was should have achieved a breakthrough already. If he or she had failed at achieving a breakthrough, then this Junior should have been crippled if not killed by the amount of Dragon Pool power they had absorbed. How could they just continue to cultivate?

Now curious and suspicious, he gathered his aura and silently swam upward to have a look at what was going on.

Yang Kai was dividing his attention between devouring the Dragon Pool power with the Great Sun and Moon Marks, and cultivating the Dao of Time using the Bloodline Inheritance he had just unlocked.

The main reason why Yang Kai went deeper every two months was he was aware of the inconveniences he was causing the Grand Dragons and Young Dragons above.

The Dragon Pool power seemed to bubble up from bottom to top, so if he depleted all the Dragon Pool power where he was, then the Grand Dragons and Young Dragons above him would not be able to cultivate properly.

Thus, when he sensed that the Dragon Pool power around him was getting thinner, he would descend another hundred thousand metres.

Even if he was eating all the meat, leaving some soup for others was only polite.

It had been half a year since his breakthrough, and his achievements were significant already. His Dragon Form had increased by nearly 20,000 metres, for a grand total of 67,000 metres. On top of that, his gains in the Dao of Time were significant.

Yang Kai felt that with a little more effort, he would be able to ascend to the next level of mastery over the Dao of Time.

When that happened, his Dao of Time would reach the seventh level, Standing Above All Others Within Sight.

However, while he was concentrating on his cultivation, he suddenly had a strange feeling.

The Yin and Yang power of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer in his body was rapidly weakening.

Yang Kai was momentarily stunned, but quickly realized that the two powers were about to run out.

The power Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan gifted him back then had already purified his Bloodline and Dragon Vein several times over the years. Even now, they were intermingling like a millstone, grinding the Dragon Pool power for him to absorb.

Unfortunately, these powers were not his own and would eventually run out one day.

Yang Kai was also prepared for this, but obviously did not expect it to be so soon.

He was not disappointed however. If it was not for this Yin-Yang Millstone helping him, he would never have been able to refine the Dragon Pool power so quickly, even if he could withstand the huge amount he absorbed into his body. His progress would not have been so rapid.

Yang Kai had already gained enough benefits. Before entering the Dragon Pool, his Grand Dragon body was only 35,000 metres in length, but one year later, he had grown to 67,000 metres. In this time, his Dragon Vein had become incomparably pure.

How could he not be satisfied with his achievements and progress?

As the power of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer weakened, the invisible millstone in his body also began to collapse.

Yang Kai soon felt the pressure inside his body increasing.

When the millstone was grinding, regardless of how much Dragon Pool power he devoured, it was quickly refined and absorbed, but that was over now. Too much absorption was now causing him to become bloated.

Yang Kai suspected that if he continued on like this, he would eventually explode and die.

The Dragons who entered the Dragon Pool would dive to an appropriate depth, claim a stretch of territory, and cultivate. The further they went down, the denser the power became. However, they had to be able to absorb and refine the Dragon Pool power to benefit from it.

Each member of the Dragon Clan had to find their own limits when entering the Dragon Pool.

Yang Kai relied on the power of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer to ignore these limitations and dive to a depth of over 1 million metres with a meager size of 35,000 metres.

The power Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan gave him declined extremely quickly, like an arrow at the end of its flight. Just half an hour after Yang Kai noticed the diminishing returns, the two forces had completely disappeared without a trace.

Yang Kai frantically stopped the Great Sun and Moon Marks, but even so he felt a lot of pressure. The Dragon Pool power he was wantonly absorbing before now felt like a huge burden he could barely resist with the power from his Dragon Vein. What’s more, the outside pressure was also beginning to affect him as he could not absorb the ambient power.

He could not remain at this depth any longer or something bad would happen to him.

With his mind made up, Yang Kai decided to head back up.

However, when he opened his eyes, he was shocked.

Two huge eyes were staring at him, glimmering and full of curiosity.

Yang Kai was now 67,000 metres in length, which was a considerable size, so if he felt that the entity in front of him was huge, then what was looking at him must be enormous!

Yang Kai’s Dragon Pressure instantly surged and he almost clawed at the stranger who was looking at him.

However, he managed to hold back at the last moment because he could see what was in front of him was a huge Dragon Head.

Looking behind the Dragon Head, he could not even see the end of this being.

In an instant, Yang Kai could tell that this was an Ancient Dragon, an extremely powerful Ancient Dragon with a body of almost 100,000 metres!

If the Ancient Dragon realm started at 50,000 metres, then above 100,000 metres would naturally be the Divine Dragon!

Yang Kai immediately knew who it was and asked, “Senior Fu Guang?” ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

When he was previously a guest in Huang Si Niang’s Phoenix Nest, Yang Kai deliberately asked her about the Dragon Clan’s situation. Huang Si Niang saw no reason to keep anything from him if the information was not confidential.

According to Si Niang, there was a Divine Dragon in the Dragon Clan, who was the current Clan Head.

The number of Ancient Dragons should be more than a dozen, but they were usually cultivating in seclusion and were not openly seen by others. The ones who presided over the affairs of the Dragon Clan at the No-Return Pass were the three Ancient Dragons that Yang Kai once greeted. They were also known as the three Elders of the Dragon Clan.

Those three Ancient Dragons were very old and powerful, but they had all exhausted their potential and so there was no hope of them ever advancing to become Divine Dragons. In other words, their current strength was their limit and there was no possibility of them advancing further.

However, among the members of the Dragon Clan, there was one Ancient Dragon who had reached the upper limits of his current realm but had not exhausted his potential and thus had hope of breaking through to become a Divine Dragon.

Fu Guang.

More than 5,000 years ago, Fu Guang had already reached the limits of the Ancient Dragon realm and then entered retreat deep in the Dragon Pool. He had not been seen since. According to Si Niang, Fu Guang would either become a Divine Dragon and emerge from the pool, or die in the Dragon Pool’s depths. If he died, then his Dragon Force would escape into the Dragon Pool, leaving behind a legacy for the future generations.

Without such determination, an Ancient Dragon who was attempting to make the final breakthrough would not easily enter the Dragon Pool.

Throughout history, the Dragon Clan had many Ancient Dragons who died in the Dragon Pool without ever stepping out of it.

Rumour had it that there were many Dragon Bones buried in the deepest part of the Dragon Pool. Of course, Si Niang was part of the Phoenix Clan and could not be sure about this; however, they all lived in the No-Return Pass so it was normal to have some understanding of each other.

Fu Guang had been in retreat in the depths of the Dragon Pool for 5,000 years. No one knew how he was doing, only that he was still alive. Still 5,000 years was nothing for a Dragon Clan member.

The Dragons had extremely long lifespans, so 5,000 years was considered brief when living more than 50,000 years was a given.

What’s more, each time the Dragon Pool opened, it was impossible for the later generation Dragon Clan members to descend anywhere near where Fu Guang had secluded himself; thus, none of them knew if his retreat was going smoothly.

However, for him to remain in the depths of the Dragon pool for 5,000 years, it was obvious that progress was not coming easily to him.

When an Ancient Dragon, who was close to becoming a Divine Dragon, appeared at this depth of the Dragon Pool, Yang Kai was certainly able to guess his identity.

This was a White Dragon, and even at this depth in the Dragon Pool, it was difficult to hide its pure glory.

Although the Ancient Dragon did not exert any Dragon Pressure, Yang Kai felt stifled just by being stared at by those eyes. Although his Source was slightly inferior to Yang Kai’s, this Ancient Dragon’s Bloodline was much stronger than his.

Fu Guang nodded lightly and asked curiously, “Which Family do you hail from?”