Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5323, Fu Guang’s Hypothesis

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Great Sun and Moon Marks were activated and the Dragon Pool power began to swirl around them.

This time, Yang Kai deliberately tried to control the two Marks and found that it was actually not difficult to manipulate them. When Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan gave him these two Marks back then, this should have been taken into consideration.

However, the Marks still pulled in the Dragon Pool power at an alarming rate.

This place was already a few million metres deep into the Dragon Pool, so the surrounding power was very dense. Any kind of suction force would draw the power in like tsunami.

Fu Guang grunted as his huge form shook. His Dragon Scales stood on end and his body instantly became like a bottomless abyss, devouring the Dragon Pool power that he absorbed. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Yang Kai, who was surrounded by Fu Guang’s Dragon Body, was a bit nervous, but soon realized that he had worried over nothing.

The majority of the Dragon Pool’s power was swallowed up by Fu Guang, and not a single bit came to him.

Seeing this, Yang Kai gradually strengthened the power of the Marks, and more Dragon Pool power was drawn.

Yang Kai slowly increased the suction force of the Marks until he reached about 70% of maximum when he began to feel some of the power overflowing to him. That also meant that Fu Guang was at the limit of how much he could absorb.

He gestured to Yang Kai, who understood and strengthened the power of the marks a bit more. With Fu Guang’s cooperation, the excess Dragon Pool power that flowed to Yang Kai was devoured and refined by him.

Both Yang Kai and Fu Guang were silently adapting to the current pressure of the incoming power.

Yang Kai found that without the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer’s Yin-Yang Millstone to assist him, he could not refine all the Dragon Pool power that he drew in and a large part of it simply passed through his pores and back out into the Dragon Pool.

Previously, with the Yin-Yang Millstone, no matter how much Dragon Pool power he drew into his body, Yang Kai was able to refine it quickly and not a drop remained.

This was also the reason why he was able to advance to become an Ancient Dragon so quickly and grow to a shock 67,000 metres in one session.

Now, without that millstone, Yang Kai finally felt the difficulty of a Dragon cultivating and breaking through. It was no wonder that Fu Guang had not been able to attain a breakthrough even after staying in the depths of Dragon Pool for 5,000 years.

If he, as an Ancient Dragon of 67,000 metres was already having difficulty, there was no need to mention Fu Guang, who was only one step away from becoming a Divine Dragon.

Yang Kai did not know if this attempt could help Fu Guang break through his bottleneck; however, since Fu Guang had made the request, he could only do his best and leave the rest to fate.

Unlike Yang Kai’s current relaxed situation, Fu Guang’s devouring of the Dragon Pool power was much more intense.

Yang Kai could even hear the Dragon Vein inside Fu Guang roaring like a river. Apart from that, the latter’s body would occasionally crack open and Dragon Blood would gush out everywhere.

This was obviously the result of the pressure he was under.

Although he looked miserable, Fu Guang’s spirits appeared buoyant, but this couldn’t be helped. Before Yang Kai entered the Dragon Pool, he had also tried using the Ancient Dragon Vein Tempering Art, drawing in as much power of the Dragon Pool as possible to use the pressure to break through his own shackles.

However, in these 5,000 years, little progress was made. It seemed his body had reached a limit and it was impossible to advance any further to become a Divine Dragon.

He had pondered a lot during these 5,000 years.

The Ancient Method was actually quite useful in terms of refining his Dragon Vein, the problem was that he simply could not draw in enough Dragon Pool power to meet the requirements for a breakthrough.

That was why after he saw the Great Sun and Moon Marks on Yang Kai Dragon Claws, Fu Guang began to think that if Yang Kai could help him pull in a massive amount of Dragon pool power, he might have an opportunity to achieve a breakthrough.

The two Marks proved to be more effective in drawing in the Dragon Pool power than the Ancient Dragon Vein Tempering Art that he was using. Previously, while cultivating, Fu Guiang vaguely felt some subtle changes to his Dragon Vein so he knew it was working. Although he could not see any signs of breakthrough, any change was better than none.

His only fear was nothing changing at all.

Now, however, the changes were far more noticeable.

If he could succeed this time, then the entire Dragon Clan could become more prosperous in the future!

Since ancient times, the Dragon Clan had produced numerous Ancient Dragons; however, there were very few Divine Dragons. There were never more than three in the same era with the biggest reason for this being that the last hurdle was just too difficult to overcome.

If Fu Guang could breakthrough and become a Divine Dragon using this new method though, then the next time an Ancient Dragon wanted to break through to become a Divine Dragon, they could simply ask Yang Kai for help.

If all went well, the number of Divine Dragons in the Dragon Clan might achieve new hights.

With this hypothesis in mind, he looked at Yang Kai as if he had found some kind of precious treasure.

Several more days passed, and both Yang Kai and Fu Guang had completely adapted to the pressures they were under.

Fu Guang suddenly opened his mouth and spat out his own Dragon Bead.

The Dragon Bead was quite large, round, flawless, and completely white.

Yang Kai also had a Dragon Bead, but his was incomparable to Fu Guang’s.

Fu Guang’s Dragon Bead seemed to have no other characteristics than being beautiful; however, Yang Kai could feel the Heaven destroying and Earth shattering power contained within it.

This was the result of Fu Guang’s Dragon Force.

For Dragons, their Dragon Bead was just like a Monster Beast’s Monster Core, the foundation of their existence. It was also their trump card when facing a strong enemy. In times of desperation, a Dragon could take out their Dragon Bead to attack the enemy.

Of course, there were great risks involved in doing this, which was why a Monster Beast would not summon their Monster Core unless desperate, much less a noble Dragon.

Yang Kai had done it once before in order to kill Zhu Feng Territory Lord, but that one single clash had resulted in his Dragon Bead being damaged, and without the help of Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s power, it would have taken him hundreds if not thousands of years to recover.

He did not know what Fu Guang was doing by suddenly spitting out his Dragon Bead at this time; however, it was soon obviously that this was how the latter was planning to guide him on how to better master the Dao of Time.

“Watch carefully.” As Fu Guang shouted, the Dragon Bead began to rotate. From that Dragon Bead, pure Dragon Force emerged and formed a layer of haze around the bead.

At the same time, the flawless white Dragon Bead also began to transform. The white Dragon Bead soon turned into different colours and the entire Dragon Bead became pockmarked. Not only that, the Dragon Bead seemed to have a strange power surging within it.

Yang Kai’s Dragon Eyes widened as he stared at this scene, and soon he was shocked.

What he saw was no longer a Dragon Bead, but rather a Universe World. The haze of Dragon Force was the barrier around this Universe World.

This was a newborn lifeless Universe World, but with the convergence of the Powers of the Seven Elements, a transformation began to occur and the barren Universe World also gradually changed.

At first, an ocean appeared. Then some green began to spread around. The originally white Dragon Bead became green and blue.

The aura of life slowly appeared in the sea, and soon spread to the land.

The first lives were very fragile and could not withstand any disturbance. The slightest interference and it spelled disaster for them.

Rebirth followed each destruction and eventually, life took a hold and managed to tenaciously survive. Over time, life flourished and the whole World thrived.

Yang Kai realized that Fu Guang was using his Dragon Bead to show him the evolution of the Dao of Time.

Time was an extremely subtle power, more mysterious and esoteric than even the Dao of Space.

The Dragon Clan’s Bloodline Talent was the Dao of Time, so they had no need to deliberately cultivate it. When a Dragon’s Bloodline became pure to a certain degree, the inheritance hidden deep in their Bloodline would awaken. Still, it was very difficult for a Dragon to master this power.

Yang Kai did not know for certain before, but now he had to admit that his ability to cultivate the Dao of Time was linked to his Dragon Bloodline.

Otherwise, it would not make sense for him to be able to cultivate the Dao of Time while being proficient in the Dao of Space.

Now he was now an Ancient Dragon and his Dragon Vein was extremely pure, so his Bloodline Talent had awakened. All that was needed was for him to enhance his own understanding in the Dao of Time.

Fu Guang’s display greatly made up for this. He was an Ancient Dragon who was just a step away from becoming a Divine Dragon. Looking at the entire Dragon Clan, it could be said that apart from the current Dragon Clan Head, he was the most powerful.

With the help of his own Dragon Bead, Fu Guang displayed the wonders of the Dao of Time for Yang Kai, with no regard for how much of his strength he used up from his Source. This was an opportunity that not just anyone could have.

Even Fu Guang would not have done such a thing if he had not requested Yang Kai’s help.

Yang Kai’s mind and Soul had been completely absorbed by the Dragon Bead. It was as if he was inside of it, experiencing all the wonders of the Dao of Time.

It was as if he was sucked in and could no longer feel the passage of time in the outside world.

Every moment was like tens of thousands of years.

The whole World’s living creatures became extinct just before the Universe collapsed under a violent shock and turned into an empty black abyss.

Yang Kai’s eyes finally blinked and his mind regained its clarity.

He saw Fu Guang swallowing his Dragon Bead back into his mouth and looked at him with an odd expression.

Fu Guang originally thought that Yang Kai’s attainment in the Dao of Time would only be superficial; however, when Yang Kai’s mind and Soul became immersed in his Dragon Bead, Fu Guang realized that something was wrong. This kid’s attainments in the Dao of Time were not low at all. In fact, he could perceive that the Time Principles Yang Kai could manipulate were extremely powerful and profound. Apart from Fu Guang, the only ones that could be compared were the Clan Head and the three Elder Ancient Dragons.

As for the other Ancient Dragons, they were all probably inferior to this boy.

Moreover, he could clearly feel that Yang Kai’s mastery over the Dao of Time had advanced another level just now.

“How is it?” Fu Guang asked.

Yang Kai slowly came to his senses and said gratefully, “Many thanks, for your guidance, Senior.”

Fu Guang’s feeling was right. Yang Kai had indeed taken another step forward in his mastery over the Dao of Time, reaching the seventh level, Standing Above All Others Within Sight.

The most obvious change was the speed of time flow in his Small Universe.

Previously, the speed of time in his Small Universe was four times faster than that of the outside world.

Now, it was five times faster.

The faster time flow in his Small Universe meant that the living beings in his Small Universe could grow more rapidly while the Spirit Herbs planted in his Small Universe could also be harvested more frequently. Most importantly, Yang Kai’s own heritage would accumulate faster.

Although Yang Kai did not know how much real time had passed outside, his mind had been following the transformation of the Universe within Fu Guang’s Dragon Bead for countless eons, sensing the mysteries in the flow of time.

It was not surprising that he could make a breakthrough in mastery.

Fu Guang nodded lightly, “So, it was not in vain. The Dragon Pool is about to reopen, you should leave soon.”

Yang Kai was dumbfounded as he asked, “How long has it been?”

“Almost three years.”

Three years? It seemed like an instant.

“Senior, you…” Yang Kai suddenly felt a little hesitant. He had gained a lot from this session, but Fu Guang did not seem to have attained a breakthrough. If he left at this time, that would mean that everything had been for naught!