Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5325, 70,000 Metres

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The three old Ancient Dragon Elders looked at each other, and they all saw the doubt in each other’s eyes.

They were all both surprised and doubtful that the Human had achieved a breakthrough in the Dragon Pool.

According to the information they received from the Old Ancestors, that Human should only be a Grand Dragon. If he had achieved a breakthrough, then was he not an Ancient Dragon now?

This was a bit abnormal. Throughout the ages, the Dragon Clan had indeed lost a lot of Dragon Sources and many different individuals from difference Races had obtained them. However, one growing to such an extent was extremely rare.

On the other hand, when they learned that the reason why their clansmen who entered Dragon Pool grew so little was due to that Human, those Dragon Clan members surrounding the place became agitated. Some of the Grand Dragons even instigated the rest to teach Yang Kai a lesson when he emerged from the pool.

From Dragon Clans’ standpoint, it was already an exception to allow an outsider to enter a sacred place such as the Dragon Pool. If the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors had not come to an arrangement with the Dragon Clan, there was no way the latter would have agreed.

It was enough that he was allowed to enter the Dragon Pool and gain some small benefits, but now, it turned out that he interfered with the growth of a dozen clansmen, how could this be tolerated?

The Dragon Pool did not open regularly and every Dragon Clan member cherished the opportunity to enter it to cultivate.

While the Dragons were busy complaining about what the Human did, a golden light appeared at the swirling entrance of the Dragon Pool, followed by a large Dragon head rushing out of it.

An intense Dragon Pressure immediately engulfed the area and the noisy square instantly fell silent.

Amid the loud Dragon Roar, a huge Dragon quickly emerged from the Dragon Pool. Those who were complaining angrily moments ago, now looked up at the sky in a daze.

The three Ancient Dragon Elders were also flabbergasted.

Ji Lao San’s face began to twitch involuntarily…

70,000 metres!

A full 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon! He was coiled above the No-Return Pass, glowing in splendid golden light. It was awe-inspiring and the brilliance was simply unparalleled.

Ji Lao San was filled with bitterness when he saw it and muttered internally, [70,000 metres!]

When Yang Kai entered the Dragon Pool, he was only 35,000 metres, yet after just a few years, his Dragon Form had doubled in size?

Throughout the ages, no Dragon had ever been able to cultivate to such an extent in just one session in the Dragon Pool.

As a 70,000-metre Dragon, Yang Kai was already considered to be extremely powerful as an Ancient Dragon within the Dragon Clan.

What caused Ji Lao San to be speechless was that, under Yang Kai’s Dragon Pressure, he actually felt his hands and legs go limp. He was completely subdued.

Not only him, but many other Dragons, who were also Ancient Dragons, felt suppressed by the Human’s Dragon Pressure. Naturally, this came from their own Bloodlines being suppressed.

“A Golden Dragon…” the old woman of the three Elders exclaimed in disbelief.

Another Elder was staring at one of the five Dragon Emperor statues. Naturally, the Third Generation Dragon Emperor’s statue at this time, also began to glow with a golden light. The aura from it resonated with the Dragon in the sky, as if there was a connection between the two.

“So that’s how it is!” This Elder murmured. Under such circumstances, if he still could not guess the origin of Yang Kai’s Source, then he would be a disgrace to his position.

The Dragon Clan had also searched for this lost Source. Other than the Dragon Clan, the Phoenix Clan also searched for it but they missed the best period and were unsuccessful in the end.

However, both the Dragon Clan and the Phoenix Clan knew how powerful these two Sources were, so it should be impossible for them to be destroyed. Even if they could not find them, it did not mean that they did not exist anymore.

However, no one expected that this missing Source would reappear in front of Dragon Clan in such a way. Immediately, the Ancient Dragons who knew the details had mixed feelings. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

They all thought that Yang Kai’s Source was just an ordinary Dragon Source, and there was nothing for them to worry about as the Dragon Clan had lost many such Dragon Sources. It was their fortune and opportunity for those who had found these lost Dragon Sources to obtain them.

However, if this Source involved the Third Generation Dragon Emperor, then its significance was totally different. That Source could pave the path to reach the peak.

Yang Kai’s huge Dragon Form hovered over the No-Return Pass for a short time before he shrank down, transforming back into his Human Form as he landed in the square.

Feeling the prying eyes all around, Yang Kai knew that his presence had brought the Dragon Clan a lot of doubts. At the very least, he could no longer hide his refinement of the Golden Divine Dragon Source.

The Dragon Clan should have a lot of questions for him.

Yang Kai decided to speak first before they could ask any questions, “Greetings Three Elders, Senior Fu Guang has an object for this Junior to pass on to you.”

Theoldest-lookingg Elder in the center, held back his initial questions and instead asked in surprise, “Fu Guang? You met Fu Guang in the Dragon Pool?”

“Yes,” Yang Kai nodded firmly.

“How is he doing?” The old man asked with concern.

Yang Kai replied, “Senior Fu Guang is well.”

“What did he want you to bring back?” The old female Elder asked.

Yang Kai handed over a Dragon Scale from Fu Guang. The old woman took it, focused on it, and after a while, she handed the Dragon Scale to another Elder. She then looked at Yang Kai in disbelief.

When the other two Elders also finished examining the Dragon Scale, they looked at each other silently, seemingly reaching a tacit understanding between them.

The middle Elder nodded slightly and looked warmly at Yang Kai as he said, “Since you have shed your former body and been reborn, your Bloodline is now pure. From now on, you are a member of the Dragon Clan.”

In fact, the moment Yang Kai rushed out of the Dragon Pool, the three Ancient Dragon Elders already felt this.

Yang Kai was not the same as when he first came to the No-Return Pass.

Yang Kai had a strong Human aura when he first came to the No-Return Pass; however, when he emerged from the Dragon Pool, that aura was completely gone. He now exuded the aura of a Pureblood Dragon.

After checking Fu Guang’s message in the Dragon Scale, the three Ancient Dragon Elders also learned what happened inside.

As they had previously thought, Yang Kai had indeed refined the lost Source of the Third Generation Dragon Emperor. This was confirmed by Fu Guang.

He was also highly regarded by the Sun’s Burning Light and Moon’s Serene Glimmer, who granted him the Great Sun and Moon Marks. It was because of these two Marks and another gift from those two Seniors that he was able to devour the Dragon Pool’s power and grow so rapidly.

It was also because of this reason that those who entered the Dragon Pool during this session performed so poorly.

It was not that they had no aptitude, just that all the benefits were taken away by Yang Kai.

If Yang Kai had been the same as when he first arrived at the No-Return Pass, the Dragon Clan would not have let him off as the future of the Dragon Clan depended on those Juniors. Hindering their growth infringed on the Dragon Clan’s interests which was simply intolerable.

However, since Yang Kai was also a part of the Dragon Clan now, he was considered a clansman. Clansmen will naturally compete and fight for benefits; thus, the Elders could not accuse anyone of wrongdoing.

Not to mention, Fu Guang left behind a message that he was now able to take the final step in his advancement because of Yang Kai’s help.

Fu Guang’s advancement to become a Divine Dragon was undoubtedly more important than the growth of those dozen or so descendants.

Yang Kai was now a 70,000-metre-long Ancient Dragon, and had returned with the Source of the Third Generation Dragon Emperor. This was more than enough to make up for the losses of the young ones this time.

When the old man Elder then looked up at the clansmen, he announced, “The Dragon Clan has been in decline for many years and our numbers are withering. Now, a new clansman has returned to strengthen and bring glory to our Dragon Clan!

The other two Elders beside him roared in unison, “Glory to the Dragon Clan!”

“Glory to the Dragon Clan!”

…..

Yang Kai was slightly stunned, [So, I’m really now a member of the Dragon Clan?]

Although it was true that when he advanced to become an Ancient Dragon, he had purged the Human part of him and became a pure-blood Dragon, it still felt uncomfortable for him to become a member of the Dragon Clan.

Yang Kai actually did not care too much about whether his Bloodline was Human or Dragon; after all, he was not born in the Dragon Clan, and did not attach that much importance to his Bloodline.

However, when the three Ancient Dragon Elders declared it in such a manner, that meant that he became a member of the Dragon Clan.

Many Dragon Clan members were eager for Yang Kai to come out of the Dragon Pool so that they could teach him a lesson; however, after the three Elders’ declaration and cheers, they no longer dared to create any trouble.

The Divine Spirits highly valued the concept of community. If Yang Kai was an outsider, they would naturally make some comments; however, since he was now a clansman, there was nothing more to say.

Even Zhu Wu You, who was the most irritated by Yang Kai, had roared along, not to mention the other Dragon Clan members.

Only Ji Lao San rolled his eyes furiously as he thought, [That makes him part of our Clan? If so, then how can I get my revenge?]

However, when he thought about it, Yang Kai was now a 70,000-metre-long Ancient Dragon, while he was only 55,000 metres. His Bloodline Power and Source were both inferior to Yang Kai’s now. If he were to try to seek revenge, he was doomed to fail. He sighed inwardly and admitted defeat. At least he knew that he was too weak to seek revenge now.

On the Parasol Tree, Huang Si Niang was very excited as she watched the entertaining show unfold before her eyes.

She knew that Yang Kai’s trip to the Dragon Pool would certainly cause a stir; however, she never expected it to end up with him being accepted by the Dragon Clan and becoming part of it.

The Phoenix Clan and Dragon Clan had been living together at the No-Return Pass for many years, and were both basically numb to each other by now. However, in the end, they were all on the same side. If the Dragon Clan became stronger, it was also beneficial for the No-Return Pass.

It had been many years since the No-Return Pass had experienced a war, but more power was never a bad thing.

As the rest of the Dragons were still cheering, the three Elders looked at Yang Kai warmly and appeared very friendly towards him.

A pure Bloodline was not enough for them to show such favour to Yang Kai; however, the Source he refined was the Source of the Third Generation Dragon Emperor.

That Source itself contained the Heavenly Grand Dao. If Yang Kai managed to fully inherit it, then he would be able to advance to a level comparable to the Third Generation Dragon Emperor, which meant becoming a Divine Dragon.

Divine Dragon… Throughout the ages, how many Divine Dragons had there been in the Dragon Clan?

Furthermore, Fu Guang’s hidden message in the Dragon Scale also mentioned Yang Kai’s Great Sun and Moon Marks, which, when activated, could draw in the Dragon Pool power at an incredible rate. This was a remarkable help for those in the Dragon Clan trying to achieve a breakthrough to the Divine Dragon realm.

If another Ancient Dragon in the clan was ready to advance to become a Divine Dragon, they could request for Yang Kai’s help, which would greatly increase their chances of success.

The three Ancient Dragon Elders had reached the limits of their own cultivation. Still, did that not mean they were not eager to take that next step?

They all wanted to, but they were constrained by their Bloodline and could not advance.

If Yang Kai’s Great Sun and Moon Marks could give them a boost, then it might be possible for them to achieve a breakthrough. Although there was not much hope, it was at least worth a try.

Of course, that was a consideration for the future. Fu Guang was still in the Dragon Pool and could not be disturbed. When Fu Guang emerged, perhaps the three Ancient Dragon Elders might also give it a try.

At least, one could always hope.