Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5326, Dragon Tome

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The three Ancient Dragon Elders gladly accepted Yang Kai, who had such a pure Bloodline, and undoubtedly had a bright future that would greatly benefit the entire Clan.

The old man Elder in the center of the group asked, “Now that Yang Kai has joined the Clan, should his name be included in the Dragon Tome?”

“Yes!” A low voice suddenly came out of nowhere. The voice was loud and it sounded like a grand bell. At the same time, Yang Kai felt a Divine Sense sweeping over him.

The Divine Sense was comparable to Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s.

Yang Kai’s heart fluttered as he realized that the origin of this Divine Sense was probably the Head of the Dragon Clan. The one and only Divine Dragon alive today.

In the Dragon Clan, Young Dragons had bodies that were under 10,000 metres. The strength of those in the Dragon Clan was very different. A newborn Young Dragon was very fragile, perhaps even worse than an ordinary Human cultivator; however, when their body grew to 9,000 metres, they were equivalent to a Human just below the Seventh Order.

More than 10,000 metres, they became Grand Dragons, which was equivalent to Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Above 50,000 metres, they were Ancient Dragons, which were equivalent to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

At 100,000 metres, they became Divine Dragons. That was comparable to a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Old Ancestor.

Of course, the strength and rank were divided as such, but when they really fought, the Divine Spirit of the same realm would most likely be more powerful. The Divine Spirits had too many advantages that the Humans did not.

For example, Yang Kai’s Dragon Form was now 70,000 metres. According to the Ancient Dragon classification, his strength was considerable. If he transformed into his Dragon Form, he could take on a veteran Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Today’s Dragon Clan had only one Divine Dragon. However, this Dragon was not considered to be a Dragon Emperor because Divine Dragons also had those who were weak and strong. The current Head of the Dragon Clan felt that he was not qualified to be considered a Dragon Emperor.

Such a situation was not unique, or even uncommon in the long history of the Dragon Clan; otherwise, the Dragon Clan would have far more than five generations of Dragon Emperors, all of whom were the most powerful Masters of each generation of Divine Dragons.

Yang Kai knew that the Dragon Clan had a Divine Dragon, but he had not seen him yet. This time, the Divine Dragon also did not show up, but only responded when the Ancient Dragon Elder asked a question.

Yang Kai did not know what the Dragon Tome was as he had never heard of it before. When Huang Si Niang told him about the Dragon Clan, she did not mention anything about a Dragon Tome. He did not know if she also did not know about it or simply didn’t mention it for some reason.

As Yang Kai was wondering, one of the male Elders said, “Come with me.”

He then led the way, accompanied by the other two Elders.

Yang Kai followed behind them.

The other Dragons stopped cheering and followed behind Yang Kai solemnly. Sensing this atmosphere, Yang Kai realized that having his name entered into the Dragon Tome was an extremely solemn event for the Dragon Clan.

A short while later, they arrived at a simple temple where the three Elders entered in turn, followed by Yang Kai. As for the other Dragons who followed them, they all stopped outside. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The temple was extremely spacious, but the interior was very simple. It gave an unusually empty feeling.

At the head of the Grand Hall was an altar, which was surrounded by Dragon Force that acted as a kind of barrier.

Yang Kai squinted and saw that the altar seemed to be suspended on an irregular stone slab-like object.

The slab appeared to be about the size of a washbasin and was covered by a restriction. Yang Kai also did not see any other unique objects, and guessed that this was the Dragon Tome mentioned by the Elder.

[What the Hell is this?]

As he was wondering, the three Dragon Clan Elders stood at the three corners of the altar. Each used a Dragon Clan Secret Technique and then with a mysterious Dragon Roar, the restriction opened.

Moments later, the old man Elder shouted, “Open the Dragon Tome!”

After he shouted, the three Ancient Dragons opened their mouths and spat out their respective Blood Essence, which fell into the Dragon Tome.

The seemingly mundane Dragon Tome quickly swallowed up the Dragon Blood from the three Ancient Dragons, and in the next moment, it began to emit a faint glow.

As the Dragon Tome flew out, the male old Elder reached out and caught it. He then turned around, looked at Yang Kai, and said, “The Dragon Tome has existed since the beginning of the Universe and has witnessed the birth of the first Dragon and the inheritance of generations upon generations. Since ancient times, it has recorded the names of 14,362 Dragons. You are the 14,363rd.”

Yang Kai raised his brow slightly at this new information. The Dragon Clan had been around for ages and this Dragon Tome was something that was created when the Dragon Clan first appeared.

He had never heard of this before.

If every pure-blood Dragon was recorded in the Dragon Tome, that meant there were less than 15,000 of them that had been born thus far.

It was an extremely small number.

However, considering the Dragon Clan had extremely long life spans and great difficulties reproducing, the low number was not that surprising.

During this trip to the No-Return Pass, Yang Kai had encountered three Young Dragons, but this was actually quite rare for the Dragon Clan as, in the past, it was not unusual for thousands of years to go by without a single newborn clansman.

The old female Elder looked at Yang Kai with a smile and said, “Perhaps in the past, you did not know of the existence of the Dragon Tome. When your name is recorded in the Dragon Tome, not only does it mark the Clan’s recognition of you, it is also a great benefit for you.”

Yang Kai said humbly, “Please enlighten me, Elder.”

The old woman Elder smiled and said, “Firstly, the Dragon Tome keeps track of the life or death of anyone whose name is recorded within. If a clansman encounters a crisis outside, they can call for help from the Clan by using a Secret Technique which is connected to the Dragon Tome. Secondly, the Dragon Tome is connected to the Dragon Pool. If you really meet with misfortune outside and die, if there is still a trace of your Source spirituality in the Dragon Tome, with the dual powers of the Dragon Tome and Dragon Pool, there is a chance you may be reborn in the Dragon Pool.”

Yang Kai was shocked by this and exclaimed, “Resurrection? As in, back from the dead?”

The Elder nodded, “Indeed!”

Yang Kai was now completely dumbstruck.

The first power of the Dragon Tome was not too significant, but the second ability was completely outrageous.

Yang Kai had experienced a kind of resurrection once before. When he fought with the Great Demon God Mo Sheng in the Star Boundary, his physical body was completely destroyed.

That time, he was able to come back from the dead with the help of the powers of the Immortal Tree and the Soul Warming Lotus. That was a combination of extremely good fortune and opportunity.

Yang Kai did not want to experience that again; after all, dying was not a pleasant experience.

However, who could guarantee that they would not die? Especially in an environment like the Black Ink Battlefield, where Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master perished at a not infrequent rate, not to mention a minor Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters like him.

Recording his name in the Dragon Tome meant that it could be used to basically turn back and bring back a dead Dragon inside of the Dragon Pool. This would be an extremely appealing prospect to anyone.

However, Yang Kai soon realized that something was amiss and asked, “Is there a price to pay for coming back to life?”

It was simply too Heaven-defying to bring back the dead. Previously, he had to refine the entire Immortal Tree before he could rebuild his body, and the Immortal Tree was an extremely precious treasure of the Universe, close to the ranks of Supreme Treasures.

Even if the Dragon Clan had the power of resurrection, it should be impossible to do it at will. If they could, then the Dragon Clan would be truly immortal and indestructible. How could such a community be so withered?

Setting aside the rest, if the Third Generation Dragon Emperor had been resurrected, then Yang Kai would not be standing here today.

The old man Elder nodded and said, “Indeed, it is natural to pay a huge price to be resurrected. Additionally, no one can guarantee the success of this process. Truthfully, the chance of success is very small. In Dragon Clan’s history, the number of times the Dragon Pool and Dragon Tome have been used to resurrect someone is not more than 10, and among these ten attempts, only three succeeded.”

Yang Kai now understood. He knew full well that such a Heaven-defying technique was impossible without serious constraints.

In the entire Dragon Clan’s history, they only attempted about 10 resurrections. One would expect that each time, it must have been for an extremely important member of the Dragon Clan. When the Third Generation Dragon Emperor fell, the Dragon Clan must have done it, but unfortunately, it did not succeed. Otherwise, the Third Generation Dragon Emperor would still be alive.

What’s more, the probability of success was less than 30%, which could be considered very low.

Even if it was very low though, that was also a ray of hope and it was enough to motivate anyone.

The Dragon and Phoenix Clans were worthy of being the heads of the Divine Spirits, who won the favour of the Heavens.

The Dragon Clan had the Dragon Tome which had the powers of resurrection while the Phoenix Clan also had the ability to resurrect with their Nirvana Fire. Even so, both Clans had restrictions placed on them when it came to the act of resurrection.

Such Clans were truly worthy to be the leaders of the Divine Spirits.

“What does Junior need to do?” Yang Kai asked.

The old man Elder said, “Use your Source and leave your mark on the Dragon Tome.”

Yang Kai nodded lightly and asked again, “After recording one’s name, does the Dragon Tome place any restrictions on this Junior?”

The old man Elder replied, “Indeed. There is one small restriction.”

“Please tell me, Elder.”

“Do you know why the Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan are absent from the greater Black Ink Battlefield?” The old man Elder asked instead of answering.

Yang Kai shook his head. In fact, he had been wondering about this previously.

The No-Return Pass was located at the rear of the Human Race’s defensive line and served as the final barrier to the 3,000 Worlds. Although the location was of great strategic importance, over the years, except for when the Black Ink Clan took over Great Evolution Pass and launched an attack, this place had not encountered any battles at all.

Both the Dragon and Phoenix Clans were powerful in their own right, and as Divine Spirits they had a much higher ability to resist invasion by Black Ink Strength. With there not being any full-blown wars at the No-Return Pass, the Dragon and Phoenix Clans could have easily sent some of their people to support the Human Race on the Black Ink Battlefield, especially when the battles were the most intense.

However, across the entire Black Ink Battlefield, there was no signs of the Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan fighting. It was only the Human Race.

“Divine Spirits are not as powerful nor as effective as your Purifying Light in terms of restraining and eliminating Black Ink Strength.”

It was not surprising for the Dragon Clan to know about his Purifying Light, which was a powerful tool for the Human Race to deal with Black Ink Clan. Even though the No-Return Pass was situated at the rear, they would have heard about such a monumental development on the battlefield against the Black Ink Clan.

The power of the Divine Spirits also had a certain degree of restraining effect on Black Ink Strength. The Black Ink Giant Spirit God was sealed in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land by the Third Generation Dragon Emperor and the Phoenix Empress. After countless years, the Ancestral Strength of that place constantly wore down the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s Black Ink Strength, until it finally ground it down completely.

Otherwise, when Yang Kai helped open the seal years back, the Ancestral Land would have been devastated.

“The reason why Dragons and Phoenixes do not appear on the Black Ink Battlefield is related to an ancient agreement between us and the Human Race’s Great Experts.”

The old man Elder continued, “In that agreement, the Dragon Clan and the Phoenix Clan were made responsible for guarding the No-Return Pass. Unless there is an existential threat to the Clan, they are not allowed to leave the No-Return Pass.”

This agreement was simple, but was so important it became known as the Bloodline Great Oath. This was why there were no signs of Dragons and Phoenixes in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, and none of them on the Black Ink Battlefield.

Yang Kai could not understand and asked curiously, “But, why?”

Why would there be such a pact, and how could the Divine Spirit Clans, who were always proud and aloof, accept such terms? This was as good as the Human Great Expert restricting their freedom.

How could the two Clans agree to this?