Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5332, Remains

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Inside the Void Crack, there was a strange object formed from countless turbulent flows. Not to mention Yang Kai, even Huang Si Niang had never seen anything like it before.

However, Yang Kai could vaguely sense that there was something inside this strange anomaly; otherwise, it wouldn’t have been able to draw in the surrounding Void Turbulence.

This thing was most likely Great Evolution Pass’ Core which Yang Kai was looking for.

In that case, the only way to extract the Core would be to separate the individual streams of Void Turbulence that had accumulated over the past 30,000 years.

This was undoubtedly an extremely complicated task.

Huang Si Niang felt quite exasperated. Back then, she had given her tail feather to Yang Kai mainly because she wanted to accompany him and find an opportunity to join in on the fun and kill a few Black Ink Clansmen, but the first time she showed herself, Yang Kai was ordering her around like a labourer.

If one were to compare this spherical object before them to a ball of yarn, then the countless turbulent currents in and around it would be the threads. These threads were interweaving and overlapping each other layer by layer in a complete mess. If one wanted to unravel these currents, it would be equivalent to extracting the threads from it one by one until it was revealed what was hidden inside. This required great willpower and patience.

This was undoubtedly the most brute force method, but it was also the only method available.

After Yang Kai reached this conclusion, he took action. He used Space Principles to form a barrier around the sphere, isolating it.

He had to first isolate it because this sphere was constantly drawing in the surrounding Void Turbulence. If he didn’t isolate it, he would never be able to completely clear the turbulent flows.

For the current Yang Kai, forming a barrier was a simple matter.

A moment later, an isolation field created by Space Principles enveloped the sphere.

Space Principles continued to fluctuate as Yang Kai’s Divine Sense surged towards the sphere, searching for weak spots to exploit.

After a while, a stream of Void Turbulence attached to the sphere was drawn out and then pushed out of the barrier by Yang Kai, discarding it into the Void Crack.

The first step was always the hardest. After the first successful attempt, Yang Kai found the second to be much simpler.

After removing several dozen streams of Void Turbulence, Yang Kai turned to the bored Huang Si Niang and called out to her, “Si Niang, don’t just stand there, help me.”

He had no idea how many streams of Void Turbulence had been gathered in this sphere over the past 30,000 years. Some had fused together while others had split apart, so the exact number was impossible to determine. All that was certain was that there was an enormous amount of them. It would take him a lot of time and effort if he were to try to separate them all by himself.

Huang Si Niang glared at him fiercely, “You want this Great Aunt to help? Does it look like I owe you some great debt or something?”

Despite saying so, Huang Si Niang still carried joined in. The next moment, Yang Kai felt powerful fluctuations of Space Principle radiating from her as she drew out a turbulent flow with a gentle wave of her hand.

She was many times faster than him at this.

Yang Kai was extremely impressed. The Phoenix Clan really deserved its title. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Moreover, Huang Si Niang became faster and faster with her subsequent attempts. After a brief familiarisation, her pair of fair hands began to move back and forth, flicking her fingers with great speed. Every time she flicked her fingers, Space Principles would undulate around her, quickly drawing out the turbulent flows around the sphere.

Obviously, this was an extremely profound application of the Dao of Space.

While Yang Kai was quietly extracting the Void Turbulence, he was also stealing her knowledge in an open and aboveboard manner. He split his attention between Huang Si Niang and his task, appreciating the profound mysteries of the Dao of Space.

This kind of application of the Dao of Space was extremely profound. Someone who had not cultivated the Dao of Space would definitely be bewildered at the sight of this, but it took Yang Kai only half an hour to fully grasp its essence.

For a time, the two of them stood side by side in front of the strange sphere, using their strength to frantically extract the threads from it.

The size of the giant sphere decreased as the Void Turbulence around it decreased.

Whether it was Yang Kai or Huang Si Niang, the speed at which they separated the Void Turbulence became faster and faster until each of them reached their respective peaks.

Yang Kai silently calculated, and according to his current speed, it would take him half a year at most to completely remove the turbulence that made up this sphere. He would be able to see what was hidden inside then.

It was most likely Great Evolution Pass’ Core; after all, nothing else would be lost in this kind of damned place.

However, after a month or so, Huang Si Niang suddenly stopped and turned to Yang Kai, “I can’t persist any longer, I’ll leave the rest to you.”

Saying so, her figure flickered as she flew towards Yang Kai.

When she was halfway, the seven-coloured streak of light transformed back to the tail feather, which was quickly grabbed by Yang Kai.

Whether Si Niang could hear him or not, Yang Kai still thanked her, “Many thanks for your hard work.”

But judging by this, it became clear that the tail feather was indeed somewhat different from a Soul Clone. At the very least, normal Soul Clones wouldn’t exhaust their strength so quickly.

Yang Kai didn’t know if Huang Ning Si could use this clone again, but he reckoned it was possible.

He carefully placed it into his Space Ring. In any case, Si Niang could break through the barrier of the Space Ring herself, so if she wanted to appear, she would show herself.

Without Si Niang’s help, Yang Kai had no choice but to work alone. The original half-year estimate was instantly doubled.

Yang Kai didn’t find this exercise boring though. This experience of extracting Void Turbulence was very rare and happened to be like a test of his mastery over the Dao of Space. He had already reached his limit in terms of speed of extracting the Void Turbulence. If he could break through this limit, perhaps his mastery over the Dao of Space would improve.

From then on, Yang Kai continued to try all sorts of methods to extract the Void Turbulence, gaining a little each time.

At some point, he suddenly stopped and focused his attention on the sphere.

After a long time of extraction, the sphere had reduced to the height of only two people combined, and the thing hidden inside seemed to have finally revealed some clues.

Yang Kai faintly felt a strange energy fluctuation coming from inside the sphere but he did not dare to jump to any conclusions and carefully examined everything again.

The next moment, he was overjoyed. Apparently, his guess was right, this sphere was most likely Great Evolution Pass’ Core.

He continued to draw out the Void Turbulence without any more hesitation.

As the surrounding turbulent flows were stripped away one by one, the true appearance of the thing hidden inside finally revealed itself.

After another 10 days, Yang Kai managed to extract the last of the turbulent flows and finally saw the exact appearance of the thing inside, and that left him baffled.

The thing in his sight was not Great Evolution Pass’ Core like he was expecting, but rather the remains of a Human cultivator.

A long time had passed since this Human had died. The corpse was riddled with wounds with its flesh having withered under the effects of the Void Turbulence

Judging by the state of the corpse before its death, the expression on its face could be considered peaceful.

Yang Kai didn’t know what Order this old man was when he was alive, but he could faintly feel residual Space Principles from his remains.

These residual Space Principles were not something left behind by the Void Turbulence, but rather they belonged to this person from the start.

In other words, this man should have cultivated the Dao of Space to some extent when he was still alive. However, after Yang Kai scanned him, he reckoned that this man should have just started cultivating the Dao of Space.

If that wasn’t the case, the man wouldn’t have remained trapped in the Void Crack and would have found a way out long ago.

It was precisely because of these faint traces of the Dao of Space left in the remains that the surrounding Void Turbulence gathered and gradually formed a sphere-like object.

Looking at the remains in front of him, Yang Kai could imagine how this person had reacted after being trapped here.

No matter what Order this person was when he was alive, it would be difficult for him to find a way out of the Void Crack. If he wanted to leave, he would have to find a pattern to the Void Turbulence.

After many years of observation and study, although he had suffered a great deal, he had finally managed to gain some insights into the Dao of Space. If he had sufficient time to continue cultivating, he might have made some progress in the Dao of Space and escaped.

Unfortunately, for various unknown reasons, his strength was completely exhausted and had no way to replenish his energy. As such, he was unable to resist the Void Turbulence and eventually died of old age or injuries.

After countless years, Yang Kai finally found him.

This scene was quite different from what he had imagined. He thought that 30,000 years ago, the soldiers of Great Evolution Pass had used the Space Array to send the Core to Wind and Cloud Pass at that critical moment, but now it seemed that it was not just a simple delivery of the Core, but someone carrying it.

There was no Great Evolution Pass Core in sight, but Yang Kai wasn’t disappointed, because if it were him, if he fled with the Core, he would not be carrying it by hand.

It must have been stored in this man’s Small Universe or Space Ring.

As the man was already dead, his Small Universe had certainly collapsed. No matter what the Small Universe had inside of it, it would have been destroyed.

Yang Kai turned his focus to the Space Ring on this man’s right hand. He bowed to the corpse before approaching it and removing the Space Ring.

When he scanned it with his Divine Sense, he discovered that all the restrictions on this Space Ring had been removed in advance. In other words, anyone who obtained this Space Ring would be able to easily retrieve its contents.

The removal of the restrictions should have been done by this Senior before his death.

Even though he was in a desperate situation and about to die, he still firmly believed that someone would someday find him and retrieve the thing he had hidden.

Thinking so, he could not leave behind any restrictions on his Space Ring, because if he did, it would only cause trouble for those who came to retrieve it in the future. If the Space Ring was destroyed while trying to remove the restrictions, its contents would be lost.

Yang Kai used his Divine Sense to investigate the contents of the Space Ring.

The large space inside was empty, which was a given as this man must have used up everything he could while he was trapped here.

Inside the Space Ring, there was only an Identity Token and a few artifacts.

What caught Yang Kai’s attention though was a sparkling, translucent white jade tree.

Yang Kai slightly furrowed his brow. He didn’t sense anything special about this white jade tree. It looked like an ornamental artifact.

[Is this Great Evolution Pass’ Core?]

[If not, where is the Core?]

He didn’t touch the small tree; after all, this place wasn’t safe. If the jade tree was really Great Evolution Pass’ Core, it wasn’t suitable to be taken out here.

Yang Kai took out the Identity Token and checked it for a moment before a sigh escaped his lips.