Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5340, Capturing the Black Ink Nest

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There were three High-Rank and a dozen or so Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen on the ship, with the strongest of the three High-Rank Clansmen only equivalent to Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Taking care of such a force was as easy as breathing for Yang Kai.

Dawn quickly boarded the ship, silently and stealthily.

Yang Kai stretched out his hand and stored Dawning Light in his Small Universe before ordering, “Everyone below the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm, enter my Small Universe.”

Saying so, he opened a portal to his Small Universe.

Now that they had seized the Black Ink Clan’s ship that was transporting resources, they would then be going into the enemy’s defensive line to infiltrate the Black Ink Nest.

Dawn had a lot of members, 50 in total, so if all of them boarded the ship, they would be easily caught no matter how much they tried to conceal their auras. Having just the Seventh-Order Masters outside was the best choice. If they ran into trouble, the Seventh-Order Masters would be able to quickly escape.

Everyone complied and entered the portal, following Miao Fei Ping’s lead.

Soon, only Yang Kai’s group of seven remained on the ship.

Yang Kai quickly understood the structure of the Black Ink Clan’s flying artifact after a quick scan of it with his Divine Sense. The Black Ink Clan’s artifacts were refined by Black Ink Disciples, so there was nothing special about it.

“Take the pill!” Yang Kai ordered again before everyone quickly took out a Purifying Black Ink Pill and swallowed it.

With the World Tree clone in his Small Universe, Yang Kai was not afraid of the corruption of Black Ink Strength, but the same was not true for Shen Ao and the others. Although a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master could resist the corruption of the Black Ink Strength for a short time by covering themselves with their own strength, they could not maintain such a state for an extended period. Additionally, resisting the Black Ink Strength’s corruption would greatly consume one’s World Force and also create quite an obvious energy fluctuation which would immediately expose them.

The Purifying Black Ink Pill was the most effective way to prevent the corruption of Black Ink Strength.

Yang Kai looked at Ren Bing Bai and stated, “Brother Ren, you fly the ship.”

Ren Bing Bai agreed with a nod, “En!”

Saying so, he turned and left, heading to the cabin.

Yang Kai pondered for a moment before he flew out of the ship, punched a hole in the bow and tore off a few planks before returning.

All the Black Ink Clansmen on the ship had been killed already, so they didn’t have any way to disguise themselves. All he could hope was that the tattered state of the ship would attract the attention of the Black Ink Clan and make it easier for them to act.

On the other side, Ren Bing Bai had already activated the ship’s Spirit Arrays. The ship hummed as it flew towards the defence line shrouded in Black Ink Strength and plunged into it.

Yang Kai solemnly stated, “Everyone, conceal your auras as best you can. Very soon, a Black Ink Clan patrol will be coming to investigate; at that time, I will restrain them and you will quickly kill them.”

According to his previous observations, every time a foreign body broke into the defence line, the Black Ink Clan team from the closest Black Ink Nest would be deployed to investigate. Of course, it was not an absolute, and there were exceptions sometimes, but it was true for most cases.

While everyone was concealing their auras, Yang Kai did the exact opposite. Not only did he not converge his aura, but he began leaking a large amount of Black Ink Strength. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

He wouldn’t have been able to do this if it was in the past. Although his Small Universe had sealed quite a lot of Black Ink Strength, it wasn’t this rich.

But now, there was a Low-Rank Black Ink Nest in his Small Universe, constantly producing Black Ink Strength and incubating the Black Ink Serfs for the disciples of the Void Dao Temple to fight.

It was now easy for him to emanate such rich Black Ink Strength, all he needed to do was pull some from the Black Ink Nest and release it.

In the blink of an eye, the entire deck of the ship was shrouded in a thick layer of Black Ink Strength, concealing everyone’s figures.

The ship rapidly flew forward, but after a moment, Bai Yi suddenly sent a transmission, “A Black Ink Clan squad is approaching.”

Obviously, the Black Ink Nest had sensed that something had entered the perimeter and sent a patrol to investigate.

Both sides quickly approached each other.

Dawn’s Seventh-Order Masters quickly got ready to attack.

A short while later, the investigating squad of Black Ink Clansmen laid their eyes on the ship. At a glance, they could tell that the ship was heading towards the Black Ink Nest and Black Ink Strength was surging from the deck.

The leading High-Rank Clansman was greatly confused though. He had no idea what was wrong with his fellow clansmen and why they were giving off so much Black Ink Strength.

Looking at the damaged bow, it seemed like it had been attacked by someone.

He figured that they had run into Humans outside; otherwise, he was unable to explain the current situation.

While they were still in a daze, the ship suddenly sped up and arrived before them in the blink of an eye. The Black Ink Clan patrol was stunned, and before they could react, the surrounding space solidified as a tremendous suction force emerged from the ship. The Black Ink Clan team was unable to control themselves and were all pulled towards the ship in a flash.

What greeted them next was Dawn’s Seventh-Order Masters’ attacks.

Although there were over a dozen Black Ink Clansmen in this patrol team, since no Feudal Lord was leading them, they were unable to mount any resistance against the Seventh-Order Masters of Dawn and were instantly killed.

Without making any sound or leaking any aura, the ship continued flying forward, as if the Black Ink Clansmen had never appeared.

The disappearance of over a dozen life auras should have been noticed if there were any Black Ink Clansmen nearby, but as the Black Ink Nests were still quite far and Dawn finished everything quickly and without leaking too much energy, they were able to take down the enemy patrol without anyone’s notice.

In any case, this was just the first step. The next test was to capture the Black Ink Nest. If they succeeded in taking down the Black Ink Nest, Dawn would have successfully pried open a gap in the Black Ink Clan’s defence perimeter, but if they failed…

If they were exposed, all they could do was make a big commotion to attract the attention of the Black Ink Clan and use this opportunity to warn the Old Turtle Squad, Profound Wind Squad, and the Snow Wolves Squad that was deep behind the Black Ink Clan’s lines to retreat.

A short time later, the Black Ink Nest was already faintly visible.

The Black Ink Clan had most of their troops defending the Royal City, and the defensive line they had set up was so huge that almost all of the Low-Rank Black Ink Nests had been used. As such, each Low-Grade Black Ink Nest should not have too many Feudal Lords guarding it.

Yang Kai reckoned that there should be two or three at most.

Dawn had more than enough strength to take down such a force without leaving any traces.

Yang Kai sent a transmission to everyone, “Later, I will enter the Black Ink Nest straight away, while you all deal with the Black Ink Clansmen outside. I will also use Space Techniques to assist you.”

In order to cut off the Black Ink Clan’s communication with the outside world, Yang Kai had to enter the Black Ink Nest and instantly seize control of it. Only he could do this.

Shen Ao nodded, “Don’t worry, there will be no disturbances.”

Yang Kai nodded before looking ahead. There was a Black Ink Nest ahead, and many Black Ink Clansmen were gathered outside. One of them even happened to be a Feudal Lord.

The other Black Ink Clansmen also looked over, while the Feudal Lord’s brow wrinkled in suspicion.

This was not surprising though as the ship returning to transport resources seemed a bit strange. Its hull was damaged and its deck was shrouded in a thick layer of Black Ink strength, making it difficult to see inside clearly.

Most importantly, the Black Ink Clan team who had gone to investigate had not yet returned.

It never crossed his mind that a Human would even dare to enter this place, but he instinctively felt that something was off about this situation.

Without waiting for the ship to approach, the Feudal Lord shouted, “Stop! Which team are you with?”

Currently, the resources required by the Black Ink Nests were all provided by the subordinates of the Black Ink Nests’ Feudal Lords, the Royal City was not responsible for them. Not only that, but the Royal City also needed them to provide resources.

After all, every time the Human Race Old Ancestor attacked, the Royal Lord would have to use a large amount of the Black Ink Nest’s power to fight her off, so the consumption was enormous.

Generally speaking, every Feudal Lord had sent more than one team to extract resources, ranging from two to five in total.

As such, the Feudal Lord had no idea which mining team had returned, but he could confirm that they should be subordinates, because his symbol was on the ship.

Yang Kai, who was on the ship, replied in panic, “Sir Feudal Lord, we encountered a Human Race Master outside and were outnumbered, the rest of my team all died in battle!”

Naturally, this was just nonsense to attract the other party’s attention.

As expected, the Feudal Lord’s expression changed after hearing this and he asked in fright, “You encountered a Human?”

The Black Ink Clansmen around him also fell into panic.

It should be known that the Great Evolution East-West Army had attacked the Royal City time and time again, traumatizing the Black Ink Clan. Every time the Humans attacked, the Black Ink Clan would suffer massive casualties.

Since ancient times, there had never been a Theatre like Great Evolution Theatre, where the Black Ink Clan was so completely suppressed and frightened.

They used to look down on the Humans as Great Evolution Pass was the only Great Pass the Black Ink Clan had ever occupied. They believed that the Black Ink Clan Army of Great Evolution Theatre was the most powerful Black Ink Clan Army!

That all changed a few hundred years ago, and ever since that war ended, the Black Ink Clan had invested everything into constructing a defence line of Black Ink Strength to prevent the Human Race Army from attacking again, but now even the mining team so close to the perimeter had encountered Humans?

[Are the Humans about to launch another attack?]

[Will the Royal Lord be able to resist this time?]

[Will Great Evolution Theatre be the first to be conquered by the Humans?]

For a time, many distracting thoughts flashed across the Feudal Lord’s mind.

Meanwhile, the ship was rapidly approaching.

“Attack!” Yang Kai shouted as he urged his Space Principles, enveloping the entire region ahead of him. At the same time, his figure flashed past the Black Ink Clansmen outside and rushed straight into the Black Ink Nest.

He wanted to find the Feudal Lord in charge of this Black Ink Nest and take him down first!

Under the imprisonment of the surrounding space, all of the Black Ink Clansmen immediately went stiff, while the weaker Black Ink Clansmen were fully immobilized.

At that moment, an arrow silently flew out from the ship, almost keeping pace with Yang Kai.

The arrow flew straight towards the Feudal Lord’s chest, and if everything went smoothly, it would have pierced through his body and reaped his life.

But in the end, the other party was still a Feudal Lord. In this moment of life and death, he somehow managed to move his body to the side just a little, so while the arrow still pierced through him, it missed his vitals.

“Damn it!” Bai Yi ground her teeth.

Her archery skills had already reached the realm of perfection, so it would have been a piece of cake for her to kill a Feudal Lord with a single arrow under normal circumstances. She had accompanied Yang Kai everywhere over the years, and countless Feudal Lords had lost their lives to her arrows.

But she could not use any powerful Secret Techniques in this place, so the arrow she loosed was only able to display 70% of her power. She thought that it would be enough to kill her opponent, but contrary to her expectations, she had underestimated her enemy and made a mistake.

Seeing that the Feudal Lord was about to shout, a cold glint flashed past Bai Yi’s eyes as she prepared to fire a second arrow. Her arrow was extremely fast, so she would have ample time to kill the Feudal Lord before he could raise a fuss.

But before she could fire an arrow, a sea of blood suddenly appeared over the Feudal Lord and instantly drowned him. Not only the Feudal Lord, but even the dozen or so clansmen around him were not spared.

A thick malevolent aura was emanating from the suddenly formed Blood Sea.