Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5349, The True Way to Use the Soul Warming Lotus

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Not long after, a Space Beacon on Yang Kai finally vibrated as a jade slip emerged out of thin air. Yang Kai promptly grabbed it and scanned it with his Divine Sense and found only one word, “Attack!”

The message came from Great Evolution Pass, and judging by the Divine Sense fluctuations on it, it was sent by Xiang Shan’s adjutant, Li Xing!

Great Evolution Pass had been discovered.

This was no surprise. Great Evolution Pass was so massive that even if it was hidden by an Illusion Array, it was less than half a month away from the Royal City now. It would definitely run into some Black Ink Clansmen and get discovered.

But the Black Ink Clansmen who had discovered Great Evolution Pass should have already vanished from the face of this world, so the Black Ink Clan still hadn’t sent any notice.

In other words, the Black Ink Clansmen in the periphery Black Ink Nests were still unaware of the situation.

This was the perfect opportunity to act. If they waited any longer, once the Black Ink Clan spread the news, Yang Kai and the others would lose the element of surprise.

Yang Kai, who had been sitting cross-legged for half a month, finally stood up, attracting Qing Kui and the others’ attention.

“Move out!” Yang Kai stated in a low voice before messaging Ma Gao, Chai Fang, Shen Ao, and the others.

The next moment, over 100 figures flew out from the Black Ink Nest in groups of two or three. One after another, Warships were summoned as Squad members stepped out from the Seventh-Order Masters’ Small Universes and boarded. After everyone had taken their positions, Spirit Arrays hummed as dozens of Warships flew off in different directions at breakneck speed.

This was the scene at Yang Kai’s Black Ink Nest, but it was playing out at the other three Black Ink Nests too.

At this moment, more than 200 Human Squads spread out from the four Black Ink Nests along the outer ring of the Black Ink Clan’s defence line.

Although there were many people, they moved in an orderly, precise fashion.

A great war was about to break out!

Yang Kai didn’t leave and instead remained inside the Black Ink Nest. Just as the Warships left, his consciousness entered the Black Ink Nest Space.

Without wasting any time, Yang Kai stepped into the Black Ink Nest Space and immediately shouted through his Divine Sense, “Sir Royal Lord has sent a secret order, move closer to me to receive it!”

Inside the Black Ink Nest Space, the two or three groups of Black Ink Clansmen who were conversing with each other all looked towards him strangely.

Firstly, Yang Kai only displayed the Soul fluctuations of a Feudal Lord, so if the Royal Lord had any orders, why would he ask him to relay them?

Although some of the Black Ink Clansmen found the situation odd, they did not give it a deep thought as it was related to the Royal Lord.

One of the Black Ink Clan Feudal Lords asked, “What instructions does the Royal Lord have?”

At this moment, Yang Kai had taken the form of a Black Ink Clansman that closely resembled Humans. He looked at everyone with a smile before stating, “Sir Royal Lord has determined that there is a Human spy amongst you, so… all of you must die!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the Spiritual Energy he had been hiding all the while erupted all of a sudden and hurtled out in all directions.

When the Black Ink Clansmen heard the words ‘Human spy’, all of them were taken aback, and by the time Yang Kai reached the word ‘die’, they still had not recovered from the shock and were struck by Yang Kai’s fearsome Soul attack with their guards down.

In an instant, overwhelming Spiritual Energy engulfed all the Black Ink Clansmen in the Black Ink Nest Space like a massive tide.

This time, Yang Kai had pushed his Soul to the limit, throwing all caution to the wind. There were easily 50 or so consciousnesses gathered here, many of them Feudal Lords. It would be difficult to find so many Feudal Lords together outside, unless there was a war raging.

More importantly, it would be a troublesome task for Yang Kai to kill so many Feudal Lords in a real battle.

The Black Ink Nest Space was a good place in this regard. As long as his Spiritual Energy outburst was strong enough, Yang Kai would have a chance to eliminate everyone here in one fell swoop.

The very moment his Spiritual Energy burst forth, the Souls of all the High-Rank Clansmen and the seven or eight Feudal Lords closest to Yang Kai instantly collapsed. Even Yang Kai’s Soul was shaken and his Soul Avatar momentarily distorted.

Although his Spiritual Energy was on par with an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master’s, it was not easy for him to deal with so many enemies like this at once.

The High-Rank Clansmen were helpless in the face of such overwhelming force, but while the Feudal Lords might not have been on guard against Yang Kai, the moment they were attacked, they instinctively fought back. When their Souls clashed with each other, it was too much for Yang Kai to fight so many alone.

Even so, the Souls that had yet to collapse were shaken by this violent outburst and were momentarily stunned. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

During the brief interlude that followed, a seven-coloured light suddenly blossomed as a seven coloured lotus flew out from Yang Kai’s body. The next moment, it suddenly expanded into a giant lotus and enveloped all of the Black Ink Clansmen’ Souls.

By the time the Black Ink Clansmen came to their senses, they were already standing on the Soul Warming Lotus.

At the very centre of the Soul Warming Lotus, Yang Kai’s Soul Avatar grimaced in pain, but that didn’t stop him from attacking.

An overwhelming barrage of Spiritual Energy attacks rained down on the Black Ink Clansmen, instantly killing several of them.

All the surviving Black Ink Clansmen turned pale in fright. Up until now, none of them had been able to figure out what just happened, all they knew was that their fellow clansman, who had been spending a lot of time here recently, suddenly erupted with a Territory Lord’s might and went on a killing spree.

Under the intense Spiritual Energy pressure from someone as strong as a Territory Lord, all of them were terrified and restless, as if they were treading on thin ice.

Watching their fellow clansmen around them constantly fall or suffer heavy injuries, the remaining Black Ink Clansmen didn’t dare to remain any longer and immediately tried to leave the Black Ink Nest Space and return to their physical bodies.

But something happened that completely dumbfounded them. Normally, they could leave the Black Ink Nest Space with a single thought, but today, it was as if some kind of force was blocking them, preventing them from withdrawing their consciousnesses, and leaving at the mercy of the other party.

While the Black Ink Clansmen were shaking in fear, Yang Kai was pleasantly surprised.

He never thought that the Soul Warming Lotus could exhibit such an effect. He was just giving it a try, but had not expected this to happen.

He did not know how to seal the Black Ink Nest Space, so he took out the Soul Warming Lotus and tried to use it as a kind of barrier to keep everyone enveloped within it from leaving. In the best-case scenario, it would work, and if it did not, he would not have lost anything from trying. Much to his surprise, it indeed worked, and better than he had expected.

At this moment, all of the Black Ink Clansmen had been pulled into the Soul Warming Lotus, so unless they broke through from the Soul Warming Lotus’ restrictions, they would not be able to leave the Black Ink Nest.

[Interesting!]

The Black Ink Clansmen’ wails and curses rang out to no end.

No one could understand why this fellow clansman had become so bloodthirsty.

They were trapped, unable to fight back and unable to escape. Despair soon engulfed all of the Black Ink Clansmen.

Yang Kai didn’t waste any time talking, nor did he use any Soul Secret Techniques, he simply bombarded them with pure Spiritual Energy attacks, relying on his higher cultivation to crush his enemies.

One after another, the Black Ink Clansmen fell.

Yang Kai broke into crazed laughter as he went on a killing spree.

He had spent quite a few years on the Black Ink Battlefield. He had even killed Territory Lords, the backbone of the Black Ink Clan, but there had never been a day when he could kill so many so easily.

It wasn’t just because of a gap in strength though, but also because the Human Race had finally taken the initiative to attack after countless years.

The crusade began with him!

After an incense stick worth of time, Yang Kai turned his gaze to the last survivor. The Soul Avatar of the last Feudal Lord was incomparably dim and as he stared at Yang Kai, he asked in disbelief, “Why? Why are you doing this!?”

Even now, it never occurred to him that Yang Kai might be a Human. When Yang Kai was spending his days here, this Feudal Lord had talked to him many times and Yang Kai had seemed to fit right in, so he really couldn’t understand why Yang Kai had suddenly killed so many of his clansmen.

“Because you’re all wastes. The Royal Lord no longer needs you.” Yang Kai looked at him coldly.

“The Royal Lord doesn’t need us anymore…” The Feudal Lord felt as if he had been struck by lightning and his Soul becoming dimmer. He didn’t want to believe this, but this revelation was quite a huge blow to him.

Yang Kai did not give the opposite party any chance to ask further questions and shot a bolt of Spiritual Energy at him, blowing the opposite party apart.

After just an incense stick worth of time, the once lively Black Ink Nest Space only had one person remaining, Yang Kai. The rest were dead.

Yang Kai might have killed a lot of enemies, but he had to pay a price in the form of damage to his Soul. Nonetheless, he didn’t take these injuries seriously. Thanks to all the times he had used the Soul Rending Thorn, Yang Kai was now accustomed to the pain of having his Soul injured.

As long as his Soul wasn’t instantly destroyed, the Soul Warming Lotus would eventually restore the damage.

Be that as it may, he still regretted a little that he hadn’t cultivated any powerful Soul Secret Techniques. It would have made it a lot easier for him to kill his enemies in this place.

[Should I cultivate some Soul Secret Techniques when I return? Otherwise, I would have no choice but to attack in this clumsy manner the next time I encounter a similar situation.]

But on second thought, there might not ever be a fight against the Black Ink Clan like this again. It would be completely pointless to cultivate such techniques in that case.

Yang Kai ridiculed himself and was about to head out; but suddenly, he noticed something and began carefully inspecting it.

After a while, a strange look filled his face.

Much to his surprise, the Souls of the Black Ink Clansmen he had killed were actually absorbed by the Soul Warming Lotus and refined into pure Spiritual Energy that was now being used to repair the injuries he just incurred.

Yang Kai was ecstatic!

[The Soul Warming Lotus can even do something like this!?]

It had been many years since Yang Kai first acquired the Soul Warming Lotus, but it was only today that he realized that it could actually refine the Spiritual Energy of others for his use.

[Could it be that this is the true way to use the Soul Warming Lotus?]

Thinking back, he realized that he had never dragged an enemy into the Soul Warming Lotus to fight before.

Even during the numerous battles he had fought over the Mid-Rank Black Ink Nest, he would only hide inside the Soul Warming Lotus and rely on it to resist the attacks of the Black Ink Clan Territory Lords. When he recovered, he would come out and use the Soul Rending Thorns to kill his enemies before returning to the Soul Warming Lotus to recover.

As such, even though he had killed many Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples, their Spiritual Energy was not absorbed by the Soul Warming Lotus after their deaths.

As far as Yang Kai knew, the greatest use of the Soul Warming Lotus lay in its defensive and restorative capabilities.

Today, he learned something completely different. All the Black Ink Clansmen in this space had died inside the Soul Warming Lotus’ bounds, and when their Souls collapsed, all their dispersed Spiritual Energy was absorbed by the Soul Warming Lotus.

After the Spiritual Energy was purified by the Soul Warming Lotus, it was transferred to Yang Kai, repairing and strengthening his Soul.

This effect reminded Yang Kai of Wu Kuang’s Flawless Purifying Golden Lotus, which also had a similar effect of refining all physical impurities.

If it weren’t for the Flawless Purifying Golden Lotus, Wu Kuang’s energy would have been incomparably impure with his constant use of the Heaven Devouring Battle Law, and he would have never been able to have his current achievements.

Silavin: Merry Christmas everyone! Hope the year has been well as we welcome the next one.