Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5356, Chaos in the Royal City

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At the same time, the Spirit Arrays and artifacts on the wall of Great Evolution Pass that was facing the Royal City began to blast out attacks.

It was naturally impossible for the Humans to passively take a beating without retaliating in kind. While the defence of Great Evolution Pass was jointly supported by the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and the Old Ancestor, the soldiers on the walls would be responsible for killing the enemy.

The best defence was offence. If they could annihilate all the Black Ink Clansmen in front of them, then defence would no longer be required.

Across the gap, attacks from both sides intertwined with each other in the void as both sides fervently bombarded each other. Many of the Secret Techniques collided with each other mid-flight, erupting into brilliant explosions before vanishing into nothing. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Meanwhile, the ripples spreading across the shields covering Great Evolution Pass became more and more numerous. Be that as it may, the Human soldiers would not be in any danger as long as the light barrier remained intact.

On the contrary, the million-plus soldiers of the Black Ink Clan Army were densely packed together without any additional form of protection. The Human Race Army would be able to slaughter their enemies easily as long as any of their Secret Techniques landed among the Black Ink Clan Army. It was only a matter of how many they could kill with each attack.

The original one million kilometres between both parties shrank to just 100,000 in short order. Nevertheless, the momentum of Great Evolution Pass remained magnificent against the intense attacks coming from the Black Ink Clan Army.

Yang Kai suddenly looked up. The light barrier around Great Evolution Pass was fluctuating. It was sometimes dim and sometimes bright; thus, he knew that even the defence formed by the joint efforts of the Eighth-Order Division Commanders and the Old Ancestor would not last for very much longer.

The Black Ink Clan’s offensive was too fierce. More importantly, there were too many of them. If Great Evolution Pass intended to ram the Royal City, then there was no way to change the direction of their forward movement, making them an easy target.

*Kacha…*

A slight cracking sound suddenly rang out. Yang Kai immediately looked in the direction of the sound and saw that a fissure had formed at a certain spot of the light barrier after withstanding thousands of attacks from the Black Ink Clan. Fortunately, the crack was fleeting. It was evident that the Eighth-Order Masters and the Old Ancestor were still pouring their strength into the light barrier to repair the crack.

*Kacha…*

More cracks began to form in different locations, only to be repaired almost immediately, the cycle repeating over and over again.

As they got closer to the Black Ink Clan Army, the situation in Great Evolution Pass became more and more perilous and the seemingly solid defence seemed likely to shatter at any moment.

Xiang Shan’s furious roar suddenly cut through the universe, “Prepare to engage the enemy!”

After hearing the order, Yang Kai and the other Squad Leaders quickly summoned the Warships of their respective Squads. The Squad members swiftly boarded, and with a hum from the Spirit Arrays, a hole was opened in the light barrier!

The cracking sounds continued to ring out as more and more breaks appeared. The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and the Old Ancestor were clearly having a hard time maintaining the shield and keeping up with the speed at which the cracks were forming.

At a certain moment, one corner of the light barrier covering Great Evolution Pass reached its limit and shattered. A hole suddenly appeared in the originally impenetrable light barrier.

Several Squads who happened to be stationed at the spot suddenly found themselves in the middle of the storm of attacks. It was fortunate that those Squads had already summoned their respective Warships, so their Squad members were able to take shelter. The Warships provided some protection against the aftermath of the attacks, but even then, some of the Warships swayed unsteadily under the powerful impact.

For a time, the entire Great Evolution Pass seemed to transform into a broken house with a leaking roof that was dripping water everywhere. Even though the Eighth-Order Masters and the Old Ancestor at Great Evolution Pass’ Core were doing their best to speed up the repairs, it was difficult for them to recover from the declining situation.

The Secret Techniques from the Black Ink Clan constantly blasted into the depths of Great Evolution Pass, causing the entire structure to be in dire straits for some time.

At this moment, Yang Kai was personally overseeing the Defensive Spirit Array of Dawning Light. Although he drew upon his great strength to activate the power of the Defensive Spirit Array, Dawning Light wobbled unsteadily as Great Evolution Pass shuddered from the various impacts.

All of a sudden, an aura vanished somewhere in Great Evolution Pass. Everybody’s expressions darkened. The first casualty had finally appeared among the Humans since their assault on the Royal City began.

This was an inevitable occurrence. The Humans had gone all out in their assault on the Royal City, so how could the Black Ink Clan hold back their strength? Both the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan had a blood feud between them that would only end with the destruction of one party.

Due to the sudden advance of Great Evolution Pass, the distance between the Pass and the Black Ink Clan’s fifth line of defence rapidly closed until they were practically face to face. Although the Black Ink Clan Army had suffered heavy casualties, their overwhelming advantage in numbers remained. The foundation of their Army remained undamaged despite the great casualties they suffered.

Seeing that Great Evolution Pass was approaching but they were powerless to stop its advance, the Territory Lords roared furiously. Under their command, the hundreds of thousands of remaining Black Ink Clan Army soldiers split into three groups. One group would be in charge of defending against the enemy while the two would try to flank and encircle Great Evolution Pass.

In the blink of an eye, Great Evolution Pass charged forward like a wolf entering the lion’s den and attacked with great ferocity.

The Black Ink Clan’s fifth line of defence was located just 1 million kilometres away from the Royal City. It could be said that the Royal City would have to face the full power of Great Evolution Pass alone if the latter successfully broke through the final line of defence; therefore, the Black Ink Clan neither could nor dared to avoid the attack.

Faced with the aggressive assault of the Humans, the Black Ink Clan knew that they could not stop the advance of their enemy by remaining solely on the defensive. Hence, they could only use this method to try to wear down the strength of the Humans to achieve their goals, and their methods proved effective.

Surrounded by enemies on three sides, the defences of Great Evolution Pass became more and more unstable. The Eighth-Order Division Commanders and the Old Ancestor had given up on maintaining the defence around some areas and were simply trying their best to maintain the remaining parts instead.

The entire Great Evolution Pass was constantly being bombarded by the Secret Techniques of the Black Ink Clan, and most of the houses in Great Evolution Pass had been levelled. However, two places were completely unaffected by the chaos. These two areas were the Monument of Heroes and the cemetery!

Even at such a critical juncture, the Eighth-Order Masters and the Old Ancestor continued to divert part of their strength to protect these two places from harm. They wanted their ancestors who died on the Black Ink Battlefield to witness the victory of the Human Race over the Black Ink Clan. They also wanted to show their ancestors that all the sacrifices and efforts in the past had been worthwhile and that the younger generations had continued to inherit their legacy!

*Kacha…*

The loudest cracking sound so far filled the air. The shield around Great Evolution Pass trembled unsteadily, as though it could crumble to pieces at any time.

Xiang Shan’s furious shout resounded at that moment, “Attack!”

The Territory Lords outside the Royal City roared in return, “Stop them!”

The decisive moment had arrived. Great Evolution Pass was now just 1 million kilometres away from the Royal City, and the Black Ink Clan Army stopped retreating.

At this point, they had no place left to retreat. The Royal City was right behind them, so if they could not stop the advance of Great Evolution Pass here, then the Royal City would fall into danger. Therefore, they had to stop Great Evolution Pass at all costs.

A large number of Black Ink Clansmen charged towards Great Evolution Pass fearlessly. Bearing the brunt of the attacks coming from the Spirit Arrays and artifacts, they exploded into mist in the void; however, their sacrifices paved the way for their comrades behind them.

The rotation speed of Great Evolution Pass had reached the limit, and the Pass practically completed a rotation every 30 breaths. Meanwhile, all the soldiers on the walls were madly drawing out the power of their Small Universes to stimulate the power of the Spirit Arrays and artifacts under their command to the maximum extent.

The Warships did not remain idle either. Now that the decisive moment had come, the Warships joined the battle and launched countless attacks towards the enemy.

*Kacha…*

The light barrier of Great Evolution Pass finally shattered completely, and the muffled grunts of the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters echoed through the air. It was obvious that they had suffered some backlash when the Grand Array collapsed.

Consequently, the entire Great Evolution Pass was exposed to the attacks of the Black Ink Clan Army. The violent energy fluctuations in front caused space to become extremely chaotic, and Great Evolution Pass that had lost its defences was like a tiger without claws.

Even so, it was enough.

In the next moment, Great Evolution Pass successfully charged past the Black Ink Clan’s final line of defence. Countless attacks were fired from Great Evolution Pass and spread out in all directions. The Black Ink Clan blocking the way forward were either killed or severely injured!

Some of the Territory Lords coughed up blood incessantly while some of the Feudal Lord exploded and died. At the same time, several Warships inside Great Evolution Pass erupted into balls of flame. The desperate attacks that took place during the brief moment of contact left both sides reeling from the impact.

Now that the Black Ink Clan’s defences had been breached, the Royal City lay just ahead. Thus, the Eighth-Order Masters and Old Ancestor channelled all their strength into accelerating Great Evolution Pass.

The Black Ink Clan Army pursued and blasted Secret Techniques at Great Evolution Pass without pause. Nevertheless, they could no longer effectively prevent the advance of the Pass.

Even so, nobody among the Human Race was happy. In the clash that occurred during their breakthrough moment, the general direction of the Pass seemed to have undergone some subtle changes even though they managed to breach the Black Ink Clan’s final line of defence.

Great Evolution Pass was originally supposed to collide with the Royal City directly, but all the impacts caused their path to deviate slightly. Although they would still collide with the Universe World where the Royal City was located, nobody could guarantee the effects of the collision.

What worried them even more was that the Universe World where the Royal City was located seemed to be moving. Although the speed was slow, there was no denying that it was moving.

The Royal Lord was currently overseeing the situation inside the Royal City, and it should not be difficult for him to relocate the Royal City with his abilities.

Unfortunately, both parties were too close to each other now. At this point, it was already too late for Great Evolution Pass to change direction.

The 1 million kilometres distance was crossed in what seemed like a fleeting moment.

Under the anticipation of the Humans and the horror of the Black Ink Clan, the enormous Great Evolution Pass brutally slammed into the Universe World where the Royal City was located.

The Universe World shattered, causing the entire Royal City to suffer a severe shock. On the other hand, Great Evolution Pass continued unabated and flew off into the depths of the void.

Looking back, they saw that the Universe World had broken into several pieces! What’s more, the majestic Royal Lord Black Ink Nest wobbled unsteadily, as though it might collapse at any moment.

The figure of the Royal Lord suddenly appeared above the Black Ink Nest. He stabilised the shaking of the Black Ink Nest with his large hand, then he glanced towards Great Evolution Pass that was travelling into the distance and coldly snorted.

Upon seeing that scene, Yang Kai and the others couldn’t help feeling a slight twinge of regret. Great Evolution Pass had travelled across such a vast distance and endured so much just to make that one collision possible. If they had successfully destroyed the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest, then the rest of the battle would have been much easier.

Unfortunately, it was not so easy to destroy the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest. The Royal Lord had remained behind to protect the Royal City, so even if the Old Ancestor had tried to attack the Black Ink Nest just now, they might not have succeeded in their attempt. Not to mention, she could not act rashly since she had to guard against any unexpected movements from the Royal Lord.

As a result of their mutual restraint against the other, the Black Ink Nest was ultimately unharmed. Be that as it may, it was not as though the Humans had not gained anything from their attempt.

Numerous Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests were smashed to pieces when Great Evolution Pass collided with the Universe World. Following the collapse of the Universe World, many of the Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests that were originally secured around the asteroid fragment scattered and drifted away into the void.

There were as many as 80 Territory Lords in the Royal City, basically on par with the number of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. Correspondingly, there were many Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests that had been secured around the vicinity of the Royal City.

The Territory Lords could borrow the power of their respective Black Ink Nests if they were in the vicinity. Now that several of the Black Ink Nests had been destroyed, it was equivalent to weakening the strength of those Territory Lords by extension. This result would be extremely beneficial for the upcoming battle.

The Black Ink Clan on the Universe World were in an uproar, and the Black Ink Clan Army soon gathered in the surroundings.

Meanwhile, the speed of Great Evolution Pass reduced drastically after colliding with the Universe World.

The Humans were here to annihilate the Black Ink Clan, so it was naturally impossible for them to leave after slamming into the Royal City once. On the contrary, the impending fight was the real battle that would determine the fate of both Races.