Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5358, Martial Uncle Xu, Will You Be Alright

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Similar situations had cropped up in the past. Seeing as the Black Ink Clan had an advantage in numbers, it was only natural that they would figure out a way to use this advantage to the maximum.

During a confrontation between the Human Race Army and the Black Ink Clan Army, the presence of a Territory Lord was too much of a threat to the Human soldiers. Naturally, the Human Race Army had adopted corresponding measures against such situations.

Before Yang Kai arrived, the Territory Lord had been bombarding a Warship with indiscriminate attacks. Although the Warship had the protection of two Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, they could not stop the Territory Lord’s rampage and the Warship seemed on the verge of collapse. Not only was the body of the Warship damaged, but the defensive light barrier had also grown extremely dim.

If nobody had come to help, it would not have taken much longer for the Warship to collapse. Even the two Seventh-Order Masters might not escape alive if that were to happen. As for the Squad members below the Seventh Order, they were bound to die a miserable death. Therefore, Yang Kai’s arrival was very timely.

Having escaped their predicament, the two Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters on the Warship nodded lightly at Yang Kai to express their thanks. Then, they immediately joined up with a nearby passing Squad and sped off into the distance.

The Territory Lord tried to prevent their escape, but Yang Kai charged forward to intercept him; hence, he was forced to give up on his original target and raised his palm to strike Yang Kai. At the same time, he was slightly surprised. Why did the Human Squad leave without regard for the survival of this Seventh-Order Master? How much confidence do they have in this man? Did they believe that he alone could kill a Territory Lord?

Although the Territory Lord was reluctant to admit the truth, this Human had indeed shown might that was unusual for a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. A Seventh-Order Master of this calibre was most likely an elite among elites. Killing this person here would be more worthwhile than killing a hundred ordinary Human cultivators.

Following that thought, murderous intent immediately appeared in the Territory Lord’s eyes. His attacks flew out like a torrent as the Black Ink Strength in his body surged violently.

Yang Kai was instantly at a disadvantage. In a battle between a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master and a Feudal Lord, he was perfectly capable of overwhelming his opponent and killing the enemy without help from others. Unfortunately, Yang Kai’s strength was still lacking when his opponent was a Territory Lord. There was an evident gap in strength due to the difference in their cultivation. Nevertheless, it was not easy to kill Yang Kai even if he was weaker than his opponent.

While defending against the barrage of attacks, Yang Kai tried to lead his powerful opponent in a certain direction nearby. There were sounds of a battle between an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master and a Territory Lord coming from that direction.

Seeming to notice what Yang Kai was planning, the Territory Lord sneered coldly and increased the ferocity of his attacks.

An unexpected violent energy fluctuation suddenly came from afar, slamming through the void. Both Yang Kai and the Territory Lord were shaken and affected by the energy fluctuation. That was clearly the fallout caused by the battle between Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and the Royal Lord.

From the moment those two began fighting, the shockwaves of their battle would occasionally propagate outward and sweep across both armies. The aftermath did not discriminate between friend or foe, so as long as one was standing on the battlefield, they would be negatively affected.

Comparatively, the Human Race Army was faring slightly better than the Black Ink Clan. That couldn’t be helped though as the Humans had the protection of their Warships, while the Black Ink Clan did not. Whenever the shockwaves struck, the defences of the Warship were enough to negate most of the impact. Aside from the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters fighting outside the Warships, the soldiers inside were not greatly affected.

The same could not be said for the Black Ink Clan. It did not matter whether the other party was a Feudal Lord, a Territory Lord, a High-Rank Black Ink Clansman, or a Low-Rank Black Ink Clansman, they would often be knocked off balance whenever the violent energy fluctuations struck. It might be nothing more than a momentary effect, but even a brief moment could prove fatal for them.

That was indeed the reality. Many Black Ink Clansmen would lose their lives every time the fallout of the great battle swept across the battlefield. Unfortunately for Yang Kai, it was now his turn to suffer the consequences.

When the shockwave hit, both Yang Kai and the Territory Lord stumbled in response; however, the Territory Lord’s cultivation was ultimately much higher so he recovered quicker and ferociously threw his palm towards Yang Kai’s head.

At the juncture of life and death, Yang Kai forcefully shifted his head to the side. The Territory Lord’s palm slammed straight into his shoulder, resulting in a violent explosion of Black Ink Strength. The explosion left his shoulder torn and bloody.

Without waiting for the Territory Lord to regain his balance, Yang Kai actually threw himself forward and unleashed a flurry of thrusts with the Azure Dragon Spear, creating a wall of spear shadows that engulfed his opponent.

[Are Humans supposed to be… this sturdy?]

Unbeknownst to the Territory Lord, Yang Kai was now a 70,000-metre-long Ancient Dragon. In terms of physical resilience, even most of the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could not compare to him. The palm strike had indeed wounded Yang Kai, but it had not affected his combat capability.

After a round of fierce attacks, the Territory Lord was so dishevelled that he seemed slightly worse for wear, which made him angry out of shame. Just as he was about to deal a lethal blow, a sharp aura locked upon him and a terrifying sword light came slashing down on him immediately after that. Shocked, the Territory Lord hastily dodged aside.

“Go!” Xu Ling Gong rushed over, holding a blade in both hands. His aura was very imposing. When he unleashed an attack at the Territory Lord, he simultaneously shouted at Yang Kai.

“Martial Uncle Xu, will you be alright?” The corners of Yang Kai’s mouth twitched, and he looked at Xu Ling Gong in concern.

That couldn’t be helped. Xu Ling Gong already had a Territory Lord as his opponent, so dragging another Territory Lord into his battle clearly meant that he would have to face two opponents on his own. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

It had not been long since he advanced to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, so while fighting a single Territory Lord would not be an issue, fighting two-against-one would be… dangerous!

Yang Kai had not meant to ask Xu Ling Gong for help. He had originally planned to lure the Territory Lord to a veteran Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master to restrain the Territory Lord.

That veteran Eighth-Order Master only had one Territory Lord as his opponent, so with his profound heritage accumulated over the millennia, fighting in a two-against-one battle would temporarily not be difficult for him. Unfortunately, that was not necessarily the case when it came to Xu Ling Gong.

Nevertheless, Xu Ling Gong simply happened to be in the vicinity. He had probably noticed Yang Kai’s situation and dragged his opponent over to help Yang Kai on his own initiative.

Upon hearing Yang Kai’s question, Xu Ling Gong widened his eyes and roared furiously, “Enough nonsense! Hurry up and get lost! I’m going to kill these two today!”

While speaking, his attacks became fiercer and fiercer. Even his complexion became flushed. More importantly, the two Territory Lords were pushed back by his ferocious assault.

Yang Kai glanced at the situation and knew that his words had aroused Xu Ling Gong’s competitive spirit. There was nothing else he could say, so he could only encourage Xu Ling Gong, “In that case, don’t overexert yourself.”

After saying that, he sped off into the distance. He did not stay behind to help Xu Ling Gong as even if he stayed behind and joined forces with him, he might not be able to kill either of these Territory Lords in a short time.

Yang Kai’s greatest advantage was that he was invincible among those in the same realm! Therefore, what he needed to do right now was kill as many enemies below the Territory Lord level as possible! The more he killed, the less pressure the Human Race Army would face!

Three breaths of time after Yang Kai left, Xu Ling Gong grunted in pain and his courageous and invincible aura vanished without a trace. In an instant, he was soundly beaten back by the two Territory Lords. His heritage was too lacking in the end, so fighting two-against-one was simply too difficult for the current him!

Although he was no match for his enemies, Xu Ling Gong would have no issue protecting himself for the time being; however, it was hard to say how he would fare if the battle dragged on.

The fierce battle continued as Yang Kai navigated through the battlefield, searching for the figures of the hidden Territory Lords. Including the one from before, he found a total of three. He attacked them and lured them towards the nearby Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and left them to be restrained by the Division Commanders.

There were bound to be more than three Territory Lords overseeing the Black Ink Clan Army, but Yang Kai only managed to find so many. As for the rest, they would surely be restrained by others as long as they made a move so he did not have to worry about them.

The Royal Lord and the Old Ancestor had their own battlefield. The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and the Territory Lords also had their own battlefields. The same was true for the Human Race Army and the Black Ink Clan Army! Although their battles entangled with each other, they did not interfere with one another.

Yang Kai swept across the battlefield like lightning and everywhere he went, the Black Ink Clan suffered heavy casualties under his Azure Dragon Spear. After confirming that there were no other unoccupied Territory Lords, he returned to Dawning Light. It was time to take action! Everything he did just now was simply part of the preparations for this moment.

That was especially true now that the Territory Lords were borrowing the power of their respective Black Ink Nests in the Royal City to kill the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters faster.

Just as that thought crossed his mind, a sharp whistle came from a certain corner of the battlefield. The seemingly never-ending whistle rang out loud and clear. Even the chaotic energy fluctuations could not prevent the whistle from being transmitted across the battlefield. It was clearly some kind of signal.

When the whistle sounded, the atmosphere among the Human Race Army underwent a subtle change. Everybody seemed to become more spirited as they summoned the secret weapon that had been hidden for many years!

Somewhere on the battlefield, Xu Ling Gong was completely dishevelled. There was no sign of his energetic boasting and bluster from before. Faced with the violent bombardment from two Territory Lords, he had no choice but to flee and dodge their attacks. Nevertheless, there were times when he failed to dodge, resulting in his entire body being drenched in blood.

When the whistle sounded, he cheered loudly, “It’s finally time!”

He had endured for so long. Despite facing the risk of death on multiple occasions, he had not brought out the secret weapon. He was worried that he might reveal their trump card in advance and cause the other Black Ink Clansmen to become vigilant. It was one thing if the secret weapon was not used; however, if the secret weapon were to be utilised, then he had to ensure that everyone could wield the secret weapon at the same time so that the maximum effect could be exerted.

At this moment, the agreed-upon signal had finally resounded across the battlefield.

Xu Ling Gong broke out into a ferocious grin. Ignoring the pincer attack coming from the two Territory Lords, he abruptly summoned two long spears into his hands.

A violent assault was followed by two grunts of pain. Meanwhile, Xu Ling Gong coughed up fresh blood. Although several of his bones had been broken, he threw his head back with wild laughter, “Die!”

World Force flared as the two Evil Purging Divine Spears shuddered slightly and transformed into two streams of light that pierced towards the two Territory Lords who were basically at arm’s length.

Xu Ling Gong did not hesitate to use his body as bait to draw the two Territory Lords in close, catching them off guard when they were immersed in the joy of winning. The two streams of lights struck them squarely in the chest, pushing them back quite a distance.

In the next moment, a brilliant light exploded out. The light was extremely dazzling, without the slightest impurities. Like two little Suns, they enveloped the two Territory Lords, causing their expressions to immediately change drastically. They didn’t even have time to think about killing Xu Ling Gong before they were filled with a sense of terror.

That couldn’t be helped as, all of a sudden, they could feel the invasion of some kind of foreign power into their bodies. Moreover, that power seemed to be the nemesis of their Black Ink Strength. Wherever the energy flowed inside their bodies, the Black Ink Strength that had accumulated there for thousands of years melted away. Even the Black Ink Strength that was everywhere in the void fizzled and evaporated without a trace when the light touched it.