Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5359, The Power of the Evil Purging Divine Spears

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

On the battlefield, the area shrouded by the light became a large empty vacuum. All the Black Ink Strength in that area was completely purified in an instant. Moreover, the light did not just appear at the two spots around Xu Ling Gong, but at countless places across the battlefield. These lights illuminated the entire battlefield like the endless Stars in the sky!

The sudden turn of events caused the Black Ink Clansmen suffering from the effects to panic. In all the years that they fought the Humans, they had never seen such an occurrence or experienced such strange power before. It was a power that was opposite to their Black Ink Strength, one that could restrain and even eliminate it!

While the Black Ink Clan was in a state of panic and terror, the Humans did not remain idle. The power of the Evil Purging Divine Spears erupted, causing the energy within the Black Ink Clansmen to become disordered. At the same time, the Human Race Masters charged towards their enemies.

The original stalemate across the battlefield was instantly broken. One after another, the aura of the Feudal Lords began to vanish. Those who were eligible to utilise the Evil Purging Divine Spears on the battlefield were the Seventh and Eighth-Order Masters; thus, their opponents were mainly Feudal Lords and Territory Lords. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

As soon as the loud whistle rang out, the Seventh-Order Masters unleashed their attacks upon the Feudal Lords. Purifying Light was indeed the nemesis of Black Ink Strength. When the balls of light that resembled Great Suns burst forth, the Black Ink Strength surrounding them was fully dispelled. Furthermore, the energy within the Black Ink Clansmen either dissipated or became disrupted.

The secret weapon that had been hidden for so many years finally blazed brightly at this moment and achieved brilliant results.

Somewhere on the battlefield, Xu Ling Gong disregarded the wounds on his body even though he was coughing up blood violently. After pulling out the two Evil Purging Divine Spears, he raised his blade and charged towards the nearest Territory Lord. The sword light on his blade gleamed with absolute murderous intent.

The nearest Territory Lord who had been affected by the Purifying Light sealed within the Evil Purging Divine Spear was completely distracted at the moment. Most of his strength had been diverted to mitigate the threat of the Purifying Light; hence, the most he could do was hastily punch at Xu Ling Gong when the sword light came slashing down on him.

The World Force of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master and the Black Ink Strength of a Territory Lord collided and intertwined with each other on this small battlefield. During the brief confrontation, Xu Ling Gong’s chest caved inward and what came out of his mouth was no longer just blood but also bits and pieces of his organs.

After he passed by his enemy though, the body of the Territory Lord behind him split into two halves. Pitch-black blood sprayed everywhere like a fountain. At the moment of death, both halves of the Territory Lord’s face were filled with complete disbelief. He seemed surprised that he had died, killed in one move by a seemingly weak Eighth-Order Master.

Xu Ling Gong, who had just advanced into the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm 200 years ago, had slain a Territory Lord in his first two-against-one battle!

He burst into maniacal laughter, feeling as though he had never been happier in his life. There was no denying that he had killed many Black Ink Clansmen in the past, including several Feudal Lords; however, how could killing those Feudal Lords compare to the satisfaction of killing a Territory Lord?

He was under a lot of pressure! His youngest Disciple was married to Yang Kai. In the past, Xu Ling Gong could rely on his higher cultivation and take advantage of his status as an Elder to discipline this son-in-law of his. Unfortunately, that advantage disappeared when Yang Kai advanced to the Seventh Order.

Even Xu Ling Gong had to admit that he was lacking when compared to Yang Kai’s overwhelming strength against peers of the same realm. Not to mention, there were quite a few Territory Lords who had died at Yang Kai’s hands over the years.

On the contrary, he had not killed a single Territory Lord even though he was the Elder. How could he hold his head high in front of Yang Kai? How could he seek justice on behalf of his beloved Disciple if Yang Kai were to bully her?

Fortunately, things were different now. He had killed a Territory Lord! And this was just the beginning. He was going to kill even more Territory Lords in the future! His gaze shifted and landed on the other Territory Lord. Then, he rushed at the enemy with his blade flashing brilliantly.

The remaining Territory Lord had been stunned by the sudden death of his companion. At the same time, he was also distracted by his efforts to resist the Purifying Light that was eroding his body. When he saw Xu Ling Gong rushing at him like a vengeful ghost, a sense of fear flooded his heart. He did not dare to fight Xu Ling Gong any longer; thus, he quickly turned around and fled for his life.

“Where are you trying to run!?” Xu Ling Gong roared furiously. Raising his blade, he tried to pursue his enemy, but he only managed to take a few steps before he coughed up blood as though he was trying to purge all the organs from his body. At the same time, the imposing aura around him weakened rapidly.

When he brought out the Evil Purging Divine Spears, he had used his body as bait and forcefully withstood the pincer attack from both his opponents. Therefore, he was heavily injured. Killing one of the Territory Lords in one blow was his limit. He no longer had the strength to pursue the second.

If his opponent had stood his ground and fought, the Territory Lord would most likely have succeeded at killing Xu Ling Gong on the spot despite the effects of the Purifying Light.

It was just that the Territory Lord had been thoroughly frightened by the Purifying Light that invaded his body. Not to mention, he did not know whether this Eighth-Order Human was truly exhausted or simply feigning weakness. His priority was to escape alive, so he did not even dare to pause for a single moment.

In the end, Xu Ling Gong could only watch helplessly as the Territory Lord slipped into the midst of the Black Ink Clan Army and used the numerous Black Ink Clansmen to conceal his whereabouts.

“Waste!” He cursed furiously. [I’m already in such dire straits. How can you flee in fright instead of trying to kill me!? How can such a shameless Black Ink Clansman be a worthy opponent for the Humans who willingly lay down their lives to achieve victory in this battle!?]

It wasn’t just Xu Ling Gong who managed to kill a Territory Lord. Across the battlefield, more than a dozen Territory Lords lost their lives in that brief moment of confusion. Several Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples also lost their lives in that encounter.

The Black Ink Clan lost nearly 20 of their top Masters in a matter of breaths! How many combat forces comparable to an Eighth-Order Master in strength did the Black Ink Clan gather? It was not an exaggeration to say that 30% of the Black Ink Clan’s combat forces were eliminated just moments after the Evil Purging Divine Spear made its debut. Most of the remaining Territory Lords had also been heavily wounded by the Evil Purging Divine Spear. The rich Purifying Light had invaded their bodies, causing them unbearable pain.

In the direction of the ruined Royal City, the Black Ink Nests suddenly began to rumble loudly. The rumbling sounds were followed by extremely thick Black Ink Strength that gushed out from them.

After becoming affected by the corrosion of the Purifying Light, the Territory Lords no longer had regard for anything else. They drew upon the power of their respective Black Ink Nests in desperation and used their power to repel the Human Masters and resist the corrosion of the Purifying Light.

Although doing so allowed them to reduce some of their declining momentum, it was not enough to block the violent offensive of the Eighth-Order Masters. Many of the Territory Lords remained in jeopardy, seemingly at risk of losing their lives at any moment.

What horrified the Territory Lords even more was that the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters fighting them would summon more Evil Purging Divine Spears from time to time. Hence, they were so terrified that they could not concentrate on fighting their enemies.

The Black Ink Clan could not understand where the Humans obtained such deadly artifacts! Logically speaking, it should be very difficult to refine artifacts that were so lethal to Territory Lords. There should not be many of these artifacts; otherwise, the Humans would have brought them out a long time ago. Be that as it may, the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were not the only ones who could summon these artifacts. Even the Seventh-Order Humans had a seemingly large supply of these accursed spears.

The Great Suns that were formed from the pure white light could be seen everywhere on the battlefield. Almost every time one of the Great Suns manifested, another Territory Lord would fall. In the time it took to boil a cup of tea, the Black Ink Clan Army which originally held an obvious advantage suffered crippling casualties.

Unlike the Black Ink Clan’s terror-stricken panic, the Human Race Army’s momentum surged to newfound heights.

Everybody knew that the maximum effectiveness of the Evil Purging Divine Spear had been brought out at this moment. After keeping the secret for so many years, their trump card specially created to fight the Black Ink Clan had finally proven its worth in battle.

However, the Black Ink Clan’s vigilance and wariness were now raised to the limit. The next time the Evil Purging Divine Spears were utilised in battle would no longer have such an unprecedented effect. Moreover, the Evil Purging Divine Spears were not invincible even though Purifying Light was the nemesis of Black Ink Strength. The Purifying Light sealed within the Evil Purging Divine Spears was limited after all. Once the Black Ink Clansmen used their Black Ink Strength to eliminate the Purifying Light, the Purifying Light would lose its effect.

This was especially obvious when many of the Territory Lords could borrow the strength of their Black Ink Nests around the Royal City. As long as they were willing to consume enough Black Ink Strength, it would not take long for them to completely remove the Purifying Light that had invaded their body. At that time, they would no longer be troubled by the Purifying Light. Their strength would also recover quickly. That was why the Human Masters wanted to capitalize on their current advantage to the fullest. These few breaths of time were extremely important.

For that reason, Xu Ling Gong continued to slaughter nearby enemies with great enthusiasm despite being seriously injured. If he dragged things out for too long, the advantageous situation brought about by the initial appearance of the Evil Purging Divine Spears would be lost. This was something the Humans knew, and the Black Ink Clan would also learn the truth after a short period of panic.

Therefore, the surviving Black Ink Clan Masters were desperately running and hiding from the attacks of the Human Race Masters while borrowing the power of their Black Ink Nest to remove the poison in their body without regard for loss. The moment they recovered would be the moment the Black Ink Clan struck back.

The experts of both the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan were vying for this slim window of opportunity; thus, their battle became even fiercer than before.

Yang Kai led the members of Dawn across the battlefield. They were practically invincible, ploughing through the enemy lines leaving naught but destruction in their wake. Everywhere they went, countless Black Ink Clansmen were either killed or critically injured.

In one corner of the battlefield, an Eighth-Order Division Commander was vigorously bombarding an Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple with attacks. The might of his Secret Techniques and artifacts blasted continuously, causing the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple to retreat frantically. The situation was very dangerous, and the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple seemed to be at risk of being killed at any moment.

However, the Eighth-Order Division Commander did not seem to be happy about holding the upper hand in this battle. On the contrary, he was scowling deeply. That couldn’t be helped as the opponent’s behaviour was giving him a subtle sense that something was wrong.

When he first set foot on the battlefield, he had wanted to engage one of the Territory Lords as his opponent. If possible, it would be best if he could restrain two Territory Lords at the same time. He was a veteran Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master after all. Having immersed himself in this Realm for so many years, he had the qualifications for such a feat.

Unfortunately, the situation on the battlefield was very fickle and there were many times when things did not go as planned. As soon as he stepped onto the battlefield, this Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple had taken the initiative to attack him. There was no reason for him to hold back when his opponent had come looking for him themselves; thus, he immediately fought against him.

He originally believed that the other party was a mere Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple; moreover, the other party seemed to be the type to have broken through his limitations to advance into the Eighth-Order with the help of Black Ink Strength. Even if he had cultivated for many years, there was bound to be a gap in his heritage compared to true Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. Defeating him or even killing him should not be difficult.

However, it was not until they began fighting each other that the Eighth-Order Division Commander noticed that something was wrong.

The strength of this Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple seemed lacking indeed. He was badly beaten and covered in wounds, but he would always avoid all lethal attacks without fail. Even the Evil Purging Divine Spear that was activated just now had been avoided completely!

It had to be said that the activation speed of the Evil Purging Divine Spear was very quick. In an ambush, there was practically no Territory Lord who could avoid this attack. So many Evil Purging Divine Spears had been activated just now, and the number of Territory Lords who managed to avoid the attack could be counted on one hand. Be that as it may, this Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple had somehow done just that.