Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5361, Situation

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The wound could be said to be extremely serious. Even a veteran Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master like Cha Pu could not bear such an injury and instantly lost his combat ability.

An Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master who had lost his combat ability would naturally catch the attention of countless Black Ink Clansmen on this chaotic battlefield where enemies were everywhere.

In Cha Pu’s current condition, any random Feudal Lord would be able to kill him without much effort. If Yang Kai had been one step slower, Cha Pu would have lost his life to the enemy by now.

As soon as the aura of the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple burst out, Yang Kai’s attention was focused on Cha Pu’s situation. That was why he immediately rushed over to provide support. Besides, he was the only person who could have achieved such a feat. Nobody else would have been able to arrive in time even if they wanted to offer assistance.

Thanks to a stroke of luck, the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple had focused his attacks on the Old Ancestor when his identity was revealed. He had wanted to catch Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao by surprise. For him, Cha Pu was merely collateral damage and thus did not target him deliberately.

If the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple had attacked Cha Pu seriously, the Eighth-Order Division Commander would not still be breathing. A Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple was still in the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm after all. An attack from a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple was not something an Eighth-Order Human could withstand.

“Move!” Yang Kai roared. At the same time, he used the Azure Dragon Spear to sweep away the various obstacles in his path and forged a bloody path forward as he made his way to Great Evolution Pass.

Unfortunately, the Black Ink Clan Army was unwilling to watch a heavily injured Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master escape and quickly gave chase. A large number of Black Ink Clansmen instantly gathered to pursue them aggressively from behind. Various Secret Techniques simultaneously rained down on them.

Both Yang Kai and Cha Pu staggered from the impacts.

It was unknown whether it was due to orders from a Territory Lord or just bad luck, but no matter where Yang Kai went, more and more Black Ink Clansmen would appear to block his path. The enemies pursuing him from behind did not lessen in numbers either, seemingly determined to ensure that Cha Pu did not escape alive.

Even with the help from various nearby Warships, the situation was getting worse.

Yang Kai did not dare to carelessly use Instantaneous Movement either. Under these circumstances, while he would be fine after using Instantaneous Movement, Cha Pu was too heavily wounded to withstand the pressure caused by traversing the Void. In the worst case, Cha Pu could end up dying at his hands instead of the enemy’s.

“Brother Yang!” A shout suddenly entered Yang Kai’s ears, “This way!”

Turning in the direction of the voice, Yang Kai saw a solidly built Warship carrying a huge tortoise shell on its back coming towards him. Several Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were standing outside the Warship, joining forces to slaughter the surrounding enemies. The person who shouted at him earlier was none other than Squad Leader Chai Fang.

Yang Kai hurriedly sped in that direction while the nearby Warships quickly restrained the numerous Black Ink Clansmen closing in from all directions.

After great effort, both parties finally met up with each other and Yang Kai arrived on the Old Turtle Squad’s Warship with some manoeuvring.

The energy fluctuations rampaged wildly outside. It was a massacre. Meanwhile, the inside of the Warship was also very hectic. The Old Turtle Squad’s members were fervently channelling the power of their Small Universes to either maintain the operation of Spirit Arrays or control artifacts to attack the enemy.

Yang Kai placed Cha Pu down and finally had the time to stuff some Spirit Pills into the latter’s mouth. Looking down at Cha Pu, his expression became solemn.

In such a short period, Cha Pu’s injuries seemed to have worsened considerably. It could be seen how terrifying the power of the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple was. Even an established Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master like Cha Pu could not withstand power from a single sword slash, even if he was not the intended target.

Yang Kai swiftly activated Purifying Light to envelope Cha Pu, trying to eliminate the Black Ink Strength that was invading the latter’s body.

The Black Ink Strength was a minor issue that the Purifying Light could dispel easily; however, the horrifying Sword Qi lingering around the wound was not something Yang Kai could handle. That could only be resolved by the Old Ancestor or Cha Pu himself.

“Be careful!” Cha Pu warned. Afterwards, he was too weak to say anything else.

Yang Kai nodded. Slipping out of the Warship, he rushed towards Chai Fang and the others. He brushed past them and shouted at Chai Fang, “Escort him back to Great Evolution Pass!”

Chai Fang did not hesitate to agree and immediately ordered his Squad members, “Withdraw!”

They hurriedly rushed back into the cabin, and under the control of the Old Turtle Squad members, the bulky Warship immediately turned around and retreated towards Great Evolution Pass under the indiscriminate bombardment from numerous Black Ink Clansmen.

At the same time, Yang Kai’s figure flickered about wildly as he unleashed a barrage with the Azure Dragon Spear to stop the Black Ink Clansmen who were chasing from behind. Wielding his Supreme Limitless Spear Art without restraint, Yang Kai swept through the enemy ranks like a hurricane. It only took an instant for the Black Ink Clansmen in front of him to vanish like snowflakes melting under the scorching Sun.

Yang Kai stood in the void by himself, fending off the advance of his enemies with his strength alone. However, he only lasted for 10 breaths of time before his body stiffened. Coughing up a mouthful of Golden Blood, he staggered backwards.

He excelled at wandering around and killing his enemies. Unfortunately, he needed to remain in place if he wanted to create an opportunity for the Old Turtle Squad to retreat. He couldn’t last for very long while trying to maintain a stationary position. Not to mention, the overwhelming attacks could not just be dismissed. Every time Yang Kai blocked an attack, he would consume a portion of his strength. There was no saying when the battle would finally end, so even if the heritage of his Small Universe was impressive and his strength far surpassed his peers in the same realm, he could not afford to squander his power without any inhibitions.

Taking a moment to glance behind him, Yang Kai saw that the Old Turtle Squad was still surrounded by the Black Ink Clan in all directions. A storm of attacks rained upon the Warship like a torrential downpour, causing the light barrier around the huge tortoise shell to flicker wildly. Be that as it may, the Old Turtle Squad’s momentum did not reduce in the slightest and soon they had approached to within 1 million kilometres of Great Evolution Pass.

Yang Kai couldn’t help feeling a sense of relief. The Old Turtle Squad might not have anything else that was special about them, but their entire Squad could be described with one word, ‘Tough’! And it wasn’t just their Warship that was tough. As far as he knew, Chai Fang and his Squad members had all cultivated extremely powerful defensive Secret Techniques. Even if they met a powerful enemy they could not defeat, they could defend themselves for some time.

This particular characteristic of the Old Turtle Squad certainly played a huge role at this moment.

If Dawn had been the one to escort Cha Pu instead, things might not have gone so smoothly. Dawn’s overall strength was not inferior to the Old Turtles’, but they would have a hard time persisting if they were surrounded and attacked by so many Black Ink Clansmen.

At 1 million kilometres, they had arrived within the range that Great Evolution Pass’s static defences could assist them.

Seeing the large number of Black Ink Clansmen chasing after the Old Turtle Squad, the Spirit Arrays on the walls of Great Evolution Pass began to hum and shine with light. What followed immediately after that was the power of the artifacts shooting across the sky like a hail of meteors.

The attacks brushed past the Old Turtle Squad’s Warship with incredible precision and slammed straight into the midst of the pursuers. Countless Black Ink Clansmen were sent flying by the blasts, and the auras of numerous Black Ink Clansmen vanished in large hordes. There were even Feudal Lords among the lives lost.

Upon seeing the ferocious assault coming from the Great Pass, the pursuing Black Ink Clansmen did not dare to move forward recklessly. Against such a heavy barrage, they would be blasted to smithereens before they managed to reach Great Evolution Pass.

Besides, there was nothing they could do even if they could reach Great Evolution Pass. 20 Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were overseeing and protecting Great Evolution Pass. With so few numbers on their side, the Black Ink Clan couldn’t break through the defences of Great Evolution Pass.

A heavily injured Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master who had lost his combat ability was not worth such a huge sacrifice from the Black Ink Clan.

At this moment, Yang Kai no longer paid attention to the movements of the pursuers. With a shift of his figure, he began wandering the battlefield again to hunt down his enemies and did not bother to rejoin the members of Dawn.

At present, the situation on the battlefield had become clear. Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was fighting the Royal Lord and the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple in a two-against-one battle. Meanwhile, the Territory Lords on the battlefield were being restrained by the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Therefore, there was practically nothing that could threaten Yang Kai’s safety on this battlefield. Moreover, he did not believe that the Black Ink Clan had any more hidden Territory Lords or Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples.

Now that the battle between the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan had reached this point, both sides had already brought out all the power that they could despite not much time having passed. After all, the Human Race had taken out the Evil Purging Divine Spears that had been kept secret for years. How could the Black Ink Clan afford to keep anything else hidden at this point?

The vast battlefield could almost be said to be a place where Yang Kai could rampage without restraint. As long as he did not take the initiative to court death, there was practically nothing that could threaten his life. For him, it was simply a matter of how many enemies he could kill.

Dawn was not weak, so even without him, they could run rampant across the battlefield without any issues. More importantly, Yang Kai was proficient in the Dao of Space so he would be able to maximise his advantage by fighting alone.

From time to time, flashes of pure light that resembled Great Suns would explode somewhere on the battlefield. Those were the Evil Purging Divine Spears that were constantly being activated.

For this battle, Great Evolution Pass had distributed all the Evil Purging Divine Spears that they had been stockpiling all these years. Almost every Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master had received two or three Evil Purging Divine Spears. When faced with a powerful opponent, the Evil Purging Divine Spears would often break the stalemate and allow them to slaughter their enemies.

However, now that the existence of the Evil Purging Divine Spears had been revealed, their effects were not as impactful as their debut. The Black Ink Clan had become vigilant now, and no matter how fast the Human Race cultivators activated the Evil Purging Divine Spears, they would still need to take some time.

This was unlike at the beginning when the Human Masters had activated the Evil Purging Divine Spears at the same time, shocking both the Territory Lords and Feudal Lords. They Black Ink Clan had never seen such an artifact before, so how could they have known about them having such a great restraining effect on Black Ink Strength?

The situation might be favourable, but the battlefield was still tense.

There was nothing that needed to be said about the Old Ancestor’s situation. She was powerless to slaughter her enemies even if she could handle them in a two-against-one battle.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were also busy fighting the Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples at the moment. The sudden emergence of the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple had shocked all the Eighth-Order Division Commanders.

The Territory Lords, who were originally being heavily suppressed, had taken advantage of that momentary shock to break free from the restraint of the Human Masters and desperately draw on the power of their Black Ink Nests to remove the Purifying Light that had invaded their bodies. Although many of them had been killed, even more of them had managed to escape death.

To pull off that explosive moment, many Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters had gotten severely wounded.

Take Xu Ling Gong for example. The newly-advanced Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master had fought in a two-against-one battle, and for the sake of killing his enemies, he had not hesitated to reveal an opening as bait. He had forcefully withstood a blow from each of his two opponents when the Evil Purging Divine Spears were activated.

It was true that he had indeed killed an enemy, but his strength had been seriously compromised due to his injuries. The assault of another Territory Lord had left him in a miserable state.

Similar situations like his could be seen everywhere on the battlefield. The higher-ups of the Human Race were showing signs of being suppressed even though their numbers were now almost equal to their enemies. The situation might be grim, but that was the price that they had to pay to slay their enemies.

Without their previous efforts, it would have been impossible for 20 Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples to be killed so swiftly.

It had to be said that most ordinary wars between the two races would last from several decades to over 100 years, but the number of Territory Lords who fell during that time would never exceed the fingers on one’s hand. Be that as it may, nearly 20 Territory-Lord-level Masters had lost their lives in just a few breaths. The Evil Purging Divine Spears were worthy of being the Human’s trump card.

The Eighth-Order Division Commanders might not be in shaky condition, but the Warships under the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters’ command were at peak condition.

Although the Great Evolution Army only had 30,000 troops against the Black Ink Clan Army of nearly 1 million, the rate at which the Humans were killing the Black Ink Clansmen was astonishing. In half a day of intense battle, hundreds of thousands of Black Ink Clansmen had been killed, their tattered corpses and remnant Black Ink Strength scattered across the entire battlefield.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m