Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5364, Destroying the Black Ink Nests

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There were no pursuers behind them, and there were no obstacles in front of them. With Old Turtles Squad leading the way, these three Special Operations Squads rushed towards the Royal City at maximum speed. Before the Warships even arrived, lights from the arrays and artifacts started flickering.

Chai Fang’s laugh reverberated across the universe, “All of you can go to Hell!”

The instant he finished speaking, over 50 attacks were shot out from the three Warships towards the Royal City.

The Royal City was located on a Universe World. Previously, Great Evolution Pass crashed into it and smashed it into several fragments. Although these fragments had hastily been drawn together again, the city no longer looked as magnificent as it used to.

The attacks from the Warships of these three Special Operations Squads rained on the Black Ink Nests in the Royal City.

Every attack was equivalent to an all-out strike of a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. One or two such attacks might not bother the Territory Lords, but 50 all at once was intimidating enough.

With Che Kong leading the way, all six remaining Territory Lords made a move at the same time. As thick Black Ink Strength burst forth, they managed to intercept all the attacks.

However, the people on the Warships didn’t stop at one volley.

Although several dozen Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests and one High-Rank Black Ink Nest were located in the same city, due to their enormous size they were spread somewhat far apart from each other.

Therefore, these six Territory Lords had to protect a vast area.

The Humans took full advantage of this and dispersed their attacks over the widest range possible, forcing the Territory Lords to move around different parts of the Royal City to defend against them.

A while after the battle started, Che Kong turned furious and roared, “Impudent!”

Although these Territory Lords managed to work together and intercept all the attacks from the Warships to ensure that the Royal City remained unharmed, they couldn’t keep doing this forever.

Now, it seemed as though they were the puppets being pulled around by these Warships. The Humans could dictate which direction they had to go and any slight negligence might cause a Black Ink Nest or two to be destroyed.

There wasn’t even a single Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master on these Warships, but the Humans had the nerve to be so reckless. That was why Che Kong was infuriated.

Staring at the Warships, he squinted his eyes and ordered, “Kill them!”

All of these Territory Lords were equally vexed, so the instant Che Kong gave the order, three Territory Lords charged towards the Warships while withstanding the attacks.

Seeing that, Chai Fang, who was aboard the Old Turtles’ Warship, roared, “Scatter!”

Their main objective was to draw out and pin down the defending Territory Lords, not engaging in a life-and-death battle with them.

On any other battlefield, these Special Operations Squads might be able to put up a good fight against these Territory Lords; however, this place was too close to the Black Ink Nests which the Territory Lords could draw strength from, leaving these elite Squads at a serious disadvantage.

They could only try to persevere for as long as possible while withstanding the Territory Lords’ attacks.

Following Chai Fang’s order, the Warships dispersed in three different directions. Without any need for discussion, the three Territory Lords respectively selected a Warship and gave chase. As Black Ink Strength undulated, powerful Secret Techniques were cast at the Warships.

[Only three Territory Lords left!]

Yang Kai had been paying close attention to the Royal City. Seeing what was going on, he knew this was the best chance for him to make a move.

Unless the Black Ink Clansmen had gone mad, there would always be some Territory Lords left to protect the Royal City no matter how they were baited and taunted. In other words, Yang Kai had to break through their interception to destroy the Black Ink Nests.

It was just a matter of how many Black Ink Nests he could destroy.

There was no denying that he wasn’t a match for these three Territory Lords; however, the Special Operations Squads might not be able to persevere for long. Once that happened, all their efforts so far would go to waste.

There were still five Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Great Evolution Pass, but they most likely couldn’t leave.

If they could make a move, they would’ve done so instead of letting these Special Operations Squads launch an assault on the Royal City.

Although it would be difficult to achieve his goal, things had come to the point where Yang Kai had no other choice but to act. He just hoped that Xiang Shan had other arrangements to follow up.

Upon making up his mind, Yang Kai stopped hiding strength as he swept his Azure Dragon Spear across his opponents. Half of the Black Ink Clansmen that had been dealing with him were instantly slaughtered.

Yang Kai didn’t bother to kill the rest and instead, he manipulated Space Principles to arrive at the Royal City in the blink of an eye. Presently, he was hovering somewhere near three gigantic Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests.

He didn’t head straight to the High-Rank Black Ink Nest, even though that would be the ideal target. If he could destroy the High-Rank Black Ink Nest first, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao would be able to kill the Royal Lord given their current conditions.

However, Che Kong was stubbornly protecting the High-Rank Black Ink Nest and had not moved away from it from the beginning of the battle. Therefore, Yang Kai might not be able to achieve his goal by targeting the High-Rank Black Ink Nest.

On the other hand, there were quite a number of Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests that were left unprotected. He planned to take advantage of the fact that the Territory Lords were spread too thin at this moment.

The instant Yang Kai appeared, Che Kong and the other two Territory Lords were stunned. None of them could have expected that a Human was able to enter the Royal City with such ease.

More importantly, they had not sensed this Human’s presence before his appearance.

The Territory Lord nearest to Yang Kai immediately pounced on him and barked, “Don’t you dare!”

Certainly, there was nothing in the world that Yang Kai wouldn’t dare to do.

The blood feud between the two Races was irresolvable. The Humans had been preparing for years, and they were determined to achieve their goal. Yang Kai definitely wouldn’t go easy on his opponents at this point.

The next moment, he swept out his Azure Dragon Spear as his World Force surged through it.

As he wielded the weapon, three Black Ink Nests were cut in half and collapsed to the ground.

The Territory Lord charging at Yang Kai widened his eyes in disbelief and before the Human could make another move, he pushed out his palm.

His Black Ink Strength formed into a colossal palm that engulfed Yang Kai.

On the other hand, somewhere on the battlefield, the moment the Black Ink Nests collapsed, a Territory Lord who had been dealing with an Eighth-Order Division Commander realised that his aura had plunged. With his heart pounding against his chest, he turned to look at the Royal City and saw his Black Ink Nest falling to the ground.

His heart sank.

With the Black Ink Nest’s help, he could deal with this Eighth-Order Master, and neither side could gain the decisive edge. If anything, he was in a slightly more advantageous position.

Now that his Black Ink Nest had been destroyed though, his strength plunged to his usual level.

This wouldn’t have mattered usually as it didn’t impact him profoundly. Nevertheless, he was in a life-and-death battle, and the sudden drop in power could cost him his life.

This Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was an experienced warrior, so he certainly wouldn’t let such a chance slip through his fingers. He instantly summoned and hurled an Evil Purging Divine Spear at his opponent.

As the Purifying Light exploded, the Territory Lord was sent into a panic.

Fortunately, he had been vigilant against this artifact, so the moment the other party summoned it, he rapidly retreated. Even so, the Purifying Light seemed to be burning his body, which caused a lot of his Black Ink Strength to dissipate.

Although the Evil Purging Divine Spear couldn’t cripple the Territory Lord, it affected his strength and mobility significantly. The relentless Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master summoned his Divine Manifestation at that moment and engulfed the Territory Lord in it, causing the latter to howl in pain as blood spurted from his wounds.

What’s more, on the vast battlefield, a similar scene was playing out in two other locations.

After the three Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests were destroyed, the strength of the corresponding Territory Lords was impacted. The Eighth-Order Masters that had been dealing with them seized the chance to suppress their opponents.

In the Royal City, Che Kong still steadfastly guarded the High-Rank Black Ink Nest, not daring to move away from it. As he watched Yang Kai being suppressed by a Territory Lord, he breathed a sigh of relief.

This Seventh-Order Human’s movements were too elusive; however, it was just the Humans’ wishful thinking that they could rely on this single person to destroy their Black Ink Nests. How was a weak Seventh-Order cultivator supposed to make a scene in front of three Territory Lords?

[Although he’s clever not to target the High-Rank Black Ink Nest, there’s nothing much more he can do…]

While Che Kong was still thinking so, he suddenly felt a powerful aura coming from the place where the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master had disappeared along with an immense pressure.

The other two Territory Lords noticed this as well and turned their gazes in that direction with solemn expressions.

The next moment, a high-pitched Dragon Roar reverberated across the void.

From the thick cloud of darkness, a golden light burst forth. A gigantic Dragon Head rose up, its golden eyes blazing like two Great Suns, giving off an imposing aura.

“A Dragon!” Che Kong exclaimed.

On the Black Ink Battlefield, most of the Black Ink Clansmen in the various Theatres had never seen a member of the Dragon Clan before. However, it was a different case in the Great Evolution Theatre. Some time after they first occupied Great Evolution Pass, they had launched an attack on the No-Return Pass.

Therefore, the veteran Black Ink Clan Masters in the Great Evolution Theatre were familiar with the Dragon Clan. They had even exchanged moves with the Dragons and Phoenixes outside of the No-Return Pass.

Without any surprise, they were soundly routed and forced to flee for their lives.

There were not a lot of Dragons and Phoenixes in the No-Return Pass, but each one of them was incredibly powerful. The Black Ink Clansmen even felt that it was harder to deal with those creatures than the Humans.

Che Kong had engaged in an intense battle with an Ancient Dragon back then and was impressed by the other party’s power as well as the other side’s resistance to Black Ink Strength.

The Dragon Head that had risen out of the darkness was huge. Che Kong speculated that the Dragon was just as enormous as the Ancient Dragon he had fought in the past.

Moreover, the Dragon Pressure emanating from this being was far too intense to be that of a mere Grand Dragon.

There was no doubt that this individual was an Ancient Dragon.

Upon realising the other party’s true strength, Che Kong expression warped as he roared, “Stop him!”

The other two Territory Lords realised that they were in a critical situation as well. They initially thought that the attacker was just a Seventh-Order Human, so they were caught completely off guard when he transformed into an Ancient Dragon.

As the Dragon Pressure permeated the air, darkness scattered and a colossal figure came into the Territory Lords’ sight.

It was a magnificent creature even with its long body coiled up onto itself.

The two Territory Lords charged towards the Ancient Dragon as they cast their Secret Techniques.

Yang Kai lifted his head and roared to the Heavens. The Golden Dragon Scales on his Dragon Form gave off a dazzling radiance as a torrent of Dragon Breath was released from his giant maw to stop the Territory Lords from moving closer. At the same time, he swept his Dragon Tail out.

*Hong Long Long…*

With one great sweep, over 10 Black Ink Nests around Yang Kai’s enormous figure were smashed like straw amidst a storm, and that was just the beginning. Wielding the outrageously massive Azure Dragon Spear in his Dragon Claws, Yang Kai unleashed another sweep in front of himself, cutting down even more Black Ink Nests.

The Royal City was instantly thrown into turmoil as the already damaged Universe World it sat upon was at risk of collapsing at any moment.

The three Territory Lords widened their eyes in fury. Regardless, Che Kong still refused to move away from the High-Rank Black Ink Nest. He could only cast powerful Secret Techniques from afar. Upon impact, Yang Kai staggered as his Dragon Scales were smashed in and his Dragon Blood scattered.

Even though his enormous Dragon Form was menacing and intimidating, it had its shortcomings.

For one, dodging attacks was almost impossible. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The other two Territory Lords endured the Dragon Breath and appeared at both sides of Yang Kai. They roared as their figures expanded. Using their Black Ink Strength, they respectively transformed into 10,000-metre-tall figures and grabbed hold of Yang Kai’s Dragon Horns. By exerting all their strength, they somehow managed to force Yang Kai’s 70,000-metre-long Dragon Form back.