Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5365, Feng Ying Exits Seclusion

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As the two Territory Lords were doing their best to repel Yang Kai, Yang Kai was repeatedly slashing at them with his Dragon Claws.

However, the two Territory Lords didn’t dare to release him and were determined to drag him out of the Royal City; after all, if they engaged in a battle here, many more Black Ink Nests would be destroyed regardless of the outcome. If they accidentally let this Human damage or even destroy the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest, they would be condemned as the greatest sinners in the annals of the Black Ink Clan’s history.

The moment Yang Kai was hurled away, the two Territory Lords, who had transformed into 10,000-metres tall figures using their Black Ink Strength, shrunk significantly as countless wounds appeared on their bodies.

Nevertheless, they didn’t back down. Surging their Black Ink Strength to expand their bodies again, they pursued Yang Kai.

They couldn’t give this Dragon Clan member a chance to breathe; otherwise, even more Black Ink Nests would be destroyed.

In just one breath, this Dragon had managed to destroy nearly 20 Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests, but that wasn’t even the most significant loss. Without their Black Ink Nests to empower them, some 20 Territory Lords would see a drastic drop in strength which was enough to affect the outcome of the entire war.

The two Territory Lords were still reeling from the shock, but they were determined to kill Yang Kai at any cost.

Meanwhile, Che Kong still steadfastly guarded the High-Rank Black Ink Nest. While glaring at Yang Kai with resentment, he paid close attention to the surroundings.

Did the Humans have other hidden hands to play? He had no idea. A Dragon had never appeared in any Theatre before, but there was one who had joined the battle now. Given the unprecedented situation, it wouldn’t be surprising if the Humans still had other arrangements.

At this moment, Che Kong felt like he was on pins and needles.

He was the only Territory Lord left guarding the Royal City now while five known Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters still hadn’t shown themselves. It could be said that the Black Ink Clan was in a perilous situation.

The Royal Lord and the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple noticed the anomaly in the Royal City and were now doing their best to shake off their opponents and return.

Nevertheless, the Old Ancestor and the six Eighth-Order Division Commanders were determined to hold these two back, so for the moment, the Royal Lord and Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple were unable to get rid of the Humans.

After waiting for a while, Che Kong realised there wasn’t any anomaly in Great Evolution Pass’ posture, allowing him to slightly set his mind at ease.

It seemed that those five Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were unable to leave Great Evolution Pass; otherwise, they would have made a move a long time ago given the current state of the war.

On the other hand, even though Yang Kai’s power increased significantly after he transformed into his Ancient Dragon Form, he still found it difficult to deal with two Territory Lords.

Moreover, these Territory Lords had abandoned all thoughts of retreat and were determined to kill him as quickly as they could, so they went all out while also madly drawing energy from their Black Ink Nests, granting them a sharp boost in strength.

Being a 70,000-metre-long Ancient Dragon, Yang Kai could wield power on par with a veteran Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, but he still found it difficult to fight two Territory Lords at once.

His Dragon Scales were constantly blasted off and his Dragon Blood gushed from his wounds. He was in so much pain that he roared continuously. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Despite looking battered, Yang Kai had not suffered any critical wounds yet. Dragon Clan members had thick skin and strong flesh, and Yang Kai was no exception.

As time passed though, he became increasingly anxious. If he couldn’t break through these Territory Lords’ blockade, he wouldn’t be able to raise chaos in the Royal City. If he couldn’t destroy those Black Ink Nests, he couldn’t cut off the sources of those Territory Lords’ powers. That would put the Humans in a disadvantageous position on the battlefield.

Furthermore, he could already sense that there was more than one Eighth-Order Division Commander who had lost their lives.

It was extremely dangerous on this battlefield, and with a number of Territory Lords already having fallen, there was no way the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could remain unharmed.

There was still no movement from Great Evolution Pass. Just like what Yang Kai had expected, the remaining five Eighth-Order Masters didn’t seem to show signs of making a move. It seemed that they were unable to leave the Pass.

In fact, the five Eighth-Order Masters who had stayed back in the Pass had been paying close attention to the battle. It wasn’t that they were not willing to lend a hand, but they were simply unable to do so.

Great Evolution Pass was an enormous Mobile Palace Artifact. Previously, it took the combined power of the Old Ancestor and 30 Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters just to move this artifact to this place.

Only with so many powerful Masters could they provide the necessary World Force to effectively drive Great Evolution Pass.

Now, the Old Ancestor and most of the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters had join the battle, leaving just five Eighth-Order Masters to control the Core. It could be said that these five had become one with this core. Unless the Old Ancestor returned to take over, they were unable to leave. If they made a rash move now, not only would their lives be at risk, but the Core might also explode. If that happened, the entire Great Evolution Pass would collapse, and the thousands of soldiers who stayed behind to man the walls would die.

Given the circumstances, these five Eighth-Order Masters wouldn’t dare to be impetuous; therefore, they were unable to directly take part in the battle.

Locked in an intense fight, Yang Kai stowed away his Azure Dragon Spear. Although the gigantic Azure Dragon Spear was immensely destructive, he was a colossal Ancient Dragon now, so he felt clumsy using such a weapon. In fact, it was easier for him to just use his Dragon Claws instead.

These Territory Lords’ 10,000 metres figures were covered in wounds, and they would shrink from time to time; however, they could always draw more energy from their Black Ink Nests to ensure they remained at peak strength.

Yang Kai had made several attempts to break their siege and charge towards the Royal City, but these Territory Lords would always stop him. They were practically in a deadlock now.

In such a situation, Yang Kai wasn’t without a trump card. Nevertheless, even if he used it, he wasn’t certain if it would allow him to reach the Royal City; therefore, he had been hesitating.

The three Territory Lords who had been lured away by the Special Operations Squads now showed the intention of returning to the Royal City. Although they were powerful enough to suppress these elite Squads, it was hard for them to kill Chai Fang and the others in short order.

Realising the Territory Lords’ intentions, Chai Fang and the others certainly wouldn’t let them go. They were initially trying to draw the Territory Lords away, but at this moment, they took the initiative to provoke them and stop them from returning to the Royal City.

With that said, they were unable to hold them for long. If these Territory Lords were determined to leave, Chai Fang and the others wouldn’t be able to stop them as they were not powerful enough.

As such, Yang Kai decided that he couldn’t keep waiting. There was still some hope if he made a move now, but if this situation dragged on, everyone’s efforts would go to waste when the three Territory Lords returned to the Royal City.

At the thought of this, Yang Kai prepared to use his trump card.

Just then, a faint Dragon Roar was heard coming from Great Evolution Pass.

Yang Kai became startled and turned back to look at Great Evolution Pass, only to see a ray of light charging forward from that direction. The ray of light was able to move across a million kilometres in the blink of an eye.

Detecting the familiar aura, Yang Kai was elated. What he heard wasn’t a real Dragon Roar, but a Sword Roar.

A slender figure was seen shooting out of Great Evolution Pass with a sword in hand. As sword lights undulated, innumerable sword waves formed into a tremendous Sword Dragon.

The magnificent Sword Dragon shot across the void and swiftly arrived near Yang Kai the next instant. It was the Myriad Swords Dragon, which was Feng Ying’s Divine Manifestation.

When Yang Kai first encountered Feng Ying all those years ago, she had used this Divine Manifestation to slaughter a small army of enemies. It was a Divine Manifestation that she had cultivated for thousands of years and was more destructive than most High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters’ Divine Manifestations.

At that time, Feng Ying was just a Seventh-Order Master, but now, she had broken through to the Eighth-Oder. Apparently, she had just exited seclusion.

Yang Kai had no idea when she stopped cultivating in retreat or when she ascended to the Eighth Order, but she had come at the right time.

Back when they were stationed in Blue Sky Pass, Feng Ying was already incredibly strong.

This was only natural though as she was the closest to breaking through to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm in the entire Blue Sky Pass at the time. Although there were a lot of Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in every Great Pass, rarely would any of them hold the title of strongest below the Eighth-Order.

Before Yang Kai’s arrival, Feng Ying was undoubtedly the most powerful Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master in Blue Sky Pass.

Of course, Xiang Shan wasn’t included in these rankings as he was initially an Eighth-Order Master who had his cultivation regress after being plotted against by the Black Ink Clan.

The Eighth-Order Division Commanders in Blue Sky Pass had high hopes for Feng Ying, but it wasn’t smooth sailing when it came to her ascension.

It had been 200 years since she started cultivating in seclusion. Before Great Evolution Pass set out, Yang Kai had checked in with her and realised that Feng Ying still hadn’t shown signs of breaking through.

She had cultivated hard for the past 200 years, and at this moment, she was like a butterfly that had broken free from its chrysalis. The Myriad Swords Dragon was like an impenetrable Grand Dragon. The splendid Sword Dragon widened its jaws and directly devoured a Territory Lord.

As Sword Qi permeated the void, the Sword Dragon swayed about wildly. Violent exchanges of moves could be felt coming from inside the Sword Dragon, but the Divine Manifestation remained intact and ensured that the Territory Lord couldn’t break free.

Yang Kai was thrilled upon seeing that.

Feng Ying was still as powerful as ever. Not long after she ascended to the Eighth Order, she was already able to restrain a Territory Lord who was drawing strength from his Black Ink Nest.

Yang Kai had no idea what the outcome of the battle would be, but the most pressing issue for him had been resolved.

Since one of the two Territory Lords blocking him had been restrained, there was only one left now.

Yang Kai widened his maw and let out a deafening roar before clawing at the Territory Lord before him. As his immense physical strength burst out, the Territory Lord’s 10,000-metre figure, which was formed from Black Ink Strength, was wounded.

The other party’s life or death didn’t concern Yang Kai as he directly returned to his Human Form. Then, he attempted to skirt past the Territory Lord and head to the Royal City.

The Territory Lord had a robust physique though, and although he was injured, he was still combat capable. Realising Yang Kai’s intention, he roared and threw his fist towards the Human.

Yang Kai, who was ready to manipulate Space Principles and leave, staggered slightly. The Void had been disturbed by the Territory Lord’s blow, so he was unable to use Instantaneous Movement for the time being.

A furious Yang Kai turned around as a Great Sun and Full Moon leapt from behind him. The Sun and the Moon glowed brilliantly as Time Principles and Space Principles undulated. The Sun and the Moon swirled around and formed into a kaleidoscope which then shot towards the Territory Lord.

An amazing power seemed to disturb both time and space in the surrounding region.

It was the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel!

The Sun and Moon Divine Wheel was a Secret Technique that Yang Kai had developed. However, compared with his relatively simple Golden Crow Casts the Sun Divine Manifestation, profound Space-Time Strength formed the basis of the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel, making it even more powerful.

When Yang Kai was still in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, he used this Secret Technique to seriously wound a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. And in the Seventh Order, he had already used this attack to damage more than one Territory Lord.

It was an intimidating Secret Technique that could be used against Masters who were more powerful than Yang Kai because the Space-Time Strength which radiated from it could influence the enemies’ senses and perception.

In fact, Yang Kai hadn’t used this Secret Technique for some time. As his strength increased, there was rarely any opponent that could force him to bring out this trump card.

When he activated the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel this time though, he realised it was different from before. The main difference was that this Secret Technique had become even more powerful and the Space-Time Strength which pulsed from it seemed more complete somehow.