Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5366, Summoning Huang Si Niang

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At that instant, a realisation dawned upon Yang Kai, [So… this is what the real Space-Time Strength is supposed to look like.]

The reason for such a change was largely due to his experience at the No-Return Pass. During his trip to the No-Return Pass, his Dragon Vein had improved tremendously. From a Grand Dragon, he grew to a 70,000 metres Ancient Dragon, which was a shocking increase.

With the refinement in his Bloodline came the improvement in his Bloodline Talent, and the Dragon Clan’s Bloodline Talent was the Dao of Time.

Before Yang Kai entered the Dragon Pool, he had refined a lot of Space Dao Essence in Su Yan’s Phoenix Nest, which enhanced his mastery over the Dao of Space. His comprehension of the Dao of Time and Dao of Space had grown significantly, which was why his Space-Time Strength, which evolved from the two Grand Daos, had become even more powerful.

He even had a feeling that if he could improve his mastery over the Dao of Time to be on par with his mastery of the Dao of Space, his Space-Time Strength would reach a whole new level. As for what the changes would be, he wasn’t sure. Regardless, this allowed him to see a path forward.

However, it wasn’t easy to bring his Dao of Time up to the same level as that of the Dao of Space.

Yang Kai had been cultivating the Dao of Space for centuries, and he was quite gifted in it; however, according to his own classification, he had only reached the Eighth Level, Transcending the Mundane.

His Dao of Time was initially stuck at the Sixth Level, Exceeding the Ordinary to Reach the Extraordinary. Nevertheless, his experience in the Dragon Pool helped him reach the Seventh Level, Standing Above All Others Within Sight.

In other words, his mastery over the Dao of Time was still one level below his Dao of Space. If he did not encounter some special opportunity, he would need to work harder to improve his Dragon Vein to strengthen his mastery over the Dao of Time.

All these thoughts only stayed in his mind for a short while. For now, was not the time to ponder on them. In such a situation, he had to enter the Royal City as quickly as possible and destroy the Black Ink Nests.

The Sun and Moon Divine Wheel charged towards the Territory Lord, causing the latter’s mind and body to become sluggish. When he finally came to his senses, it was already too late for him to dodge.

The Territory Lord roared as thick Black Ink Strength condensed around his body. His figure expanded significantly as his muscles swelled. Instead of backing down, he actually crashed into the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel.

Heaven and Earth seemed to collapse at that moment as countless cracks formed in the void. The Territory Lord’s aura plunged sharply, but he still survived.

Although the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel was extremely powerful, it wasn’t enough to kill a Territory Lord.

Surrounded by innumerable Void Cracks, the Territory Lord was enraged. With blood still dripping from his body, he changed towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai, who was flying towards the Royal City, instantly noticed the other party’s imposing aura and Black Ink Strength closing in on him. It was apparent that the Territory Lord was preparing to use a deadly Secret Technique.

Without hesitation, Yang Kai took out a glowing feather from his Space Ring and tossed it at the opponent behind him. At the same time, he shouted, “Lend me a hand, Si Niang!”

The feather shot towards the Territory Lord, and on its way, it flashed and transformed into a beautiful and majestic bird. A furious Huang Si Niang ground her teeth as she snapped, “Smelly Brat!”

Life had been boring for her stuck at the No-Return Pass. Although a lot of Humans would pass through the No-Return Pass and head to the different Great Passes, the Phoenix Clan was aloof and therefore wouldn’t easily come into contact with them.

Furthermore, their ancestors had made a Bloodline Great Oath in the past that unless their Race was at risk of extinction, they could not leave the No-Return Pass.

Therefore, Huang Si Niang had stayed in the No-Return Pass since birth. Although the Great Pass was vast, it was still like a cage to her. She was fed up with her unchanging life and longed to go out and have a look at the beauty of the 3,000 Worlds. When Yang Kai arrived at the No-Return Pass back then, she saw a chance.

This Human had the aura of a Dragon, so she didn’t mind interacting with him. By using a bet as an excuse, she gave him one of her feathers. In reality, the feather contained a type of Soul Clone. Restricted by the Great Oath, Huang Si Niang was unable to leave the No-Return Pass, but that restriction didn’t apply to her Soul Clone.

Previously, when Yang Kai entered the Void to look for Great Evolution Pass’ Core, Huang Si Niang detected the unusual movements of space and took the initiative to reveal herself. It was with her help that Yang Kai managed to find Great Evolution Pass’ Core.

However, Huang Si Niang didn’t intend to appear this time, but Yang Kai forcibly summoned her in such a perilous situation.

Her real strength was equivalent to that of an Ancient Dragon; nevertheless, this was just a Soul Clone, so her power now was no different from that of a Grand Dragon. A Grand Dragon was roughly on par with a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. With that said, a Grand Dragon would be slightly stronger.

Still, her Soul Clone couldn’t possibly be a match for a Territory Lord. Faced with the Territory Lord, her Soul Clone would most likely end up in a horrible state or even be destroyed. Regardless, she didn’t have a choice.

The Territory Lord was hurtling towards her, but the instant he saw an enormous, dazzling bird in front of him, he exclaimed in shock, “A Phoenix?!”

Not only had a Dragon Clan member appeared, but there was also a Phoenix Clan member now! Had the Masters from the No-Return Pass made a move?

When that thought crossed his mind, this Territory Lord was naturally flustered, for the Dragons and the Phoenixes were extremely difficult to deal with. Many Territory Lords still remembered the debacle they experienced when they launched an attack on the No-Return Pass in the past.

They had a million-strong Black Ink Clan Army and several dozen Territory Lords, but in a single engagement, the Dragon and Phoenix Clans tore them apart and even slaughtered several Territory Lords.

Therefore, the Territory Lords in Great Evolution Theatre were extremely wary of the Dragons and Phoenixes. It didn’t matter that a single Dragon Clan member had appeared on the battlefield, but with a Phoenix Clan member also now revealing herself, it was expected that he started getting worried.

However, he soon realised that this Phoenix Clan member before him wasn’t very powerful. At the very least, she was much weaker than he was. Gritting his teeth, he thrust his palm towards Huang Si Niang.

Seeing this, a cold glint flashed across Huang Si Niang’s eyes. Her wings were so big that they seemed to cover the entire sky, and as she flapped them, flashes of light swirled around her body and warped the local space.

Then, her wings fluttered as her figure distorted. The next instant, the Territory Lord crashed into an invisible wall and a deep gash from which black blood gushed out appeared on his chest.

Horrified, the Territory Lord swiftly retreated. He realized he had been attacked by the opponent just now, but he didn’t even see her movements clearly.

In other words, she must have gotten close to him in the blink of an eye and slashed at him before she returned to her original position the next instant, making it seem as though she had not moved at all. There was no denying that she had used a Phoenix Clan Secret Technique powered by her Bloodline Talent in the Dao of Space.

The Black Ink Clan from the Great Evolution Theatre had dealt with the Dragons and Phoenixes before, so they knew about these Innate Secret Techniques. Many of them had suffered serious setbacks when they fought Phoenix Clan members in the past.

Yang Kai was concentrating on reaching the Royal City, so he didn’t see what had happened, but if he had, he would have been amazed by Huang Si Niang’s methods.

His mastery of the Dao of Space was greater than that of Huang Si Niang, but when it came to their utilisation of Space Principles, he was no match for her.

Although her move earlier appeared ordinary, it was the manifestation of extremely precise control of Space Principles, something Yang Kai wasn’t capable of. After all, this was the Phoenix Clan’s Bloodline Talent. Using Space Principles was as natural as breathing to her.

Following the attack, Huang Si Niang was momentarily surprised as well. The power of her Soul Clone was only equivalent to that of a peak Grand Dragon, so she knew she was not a match for a Territory Lord; therefore, she was surprised that her move had actually forced the other party back.

After some observation though, she finally realised the reason behind it. This Territory Lord was heavily injured, and a shocking Space-Time Strength was still swirling around his wounds, causing his strength to plunge.

It was obviously Yang Kai’s doing.

[At least that brat has some conscience left, not leaving his Great Aunt a completely healthy Territory Lord to deal with.]

Given this Territory Lord’s condition, Huang Si Niang figured she could stall him for some time even if she couldn’t defeat him.

Only a moment had passed since Yang Kai summoned Huang Si Niang’s Soul Clone, who then blocked the pursuing Territory Lord, but with that brief opening, Yang Kai manipulated Space Principles and returned to the Royal City. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Seeing this, Che Kong directly threw an attack at him from a distance.

Yang Kai sneered and disappeared from the spot, causing Che Kong to miss his target.

When he reappeared, he was already hovering in front of a Black Ink Nest. Yang Kai wasn’t certain whose Black Ink Nest it was because there were many nests scattered around the ruins of the Royal City.

Yang Kai summoned his Azure Dragon Spear again and struck the Black Ink Nest, cutting it in half. Without stopping, he charged towards the next Black Ink Nest.

Che Kong widened his eyes in fury and bellowed, “You court death!”

As he spoke, he surged his Black Ink Strength and cast a profound Secret Technique at Yang Kai.

Unfortunately for Che Kong, he couldn’t fully unleash his power for that would cause too much damage and potentially destroy more Black Ink Nests. On the other hand, Yang Kai had no such concerns as he agilely moved around the Black Ink Nests, using them as cover to dodge Che Kong’s attacks, fully taking advantage of the latter’s restraints.

Barely a moment later, five Black Ink Nests had been destroyed.

One party had no constraints while the other had to act cautiously. The Royal City was in a perilous situation.

In fact, Che Kong wasn’t the only one in the Royal City; there were still quite a number of Black Ink Clansmen around.

However, he was the only Territory Lord left. Even though there were a lot of Black Ink Clansmen, none of them were capable of stopping Yang Kai. As he wielded his Azure Dragon Spear, he killed Black Ink Clansmen and destroyed Black Ink Nests all at the same time.

Seeing this, Che Kong was infuriated. Given his passive position, he was unable to protect those Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests. He couldn’t pin his hopes on the other Territory Lords either. It had come to a point where all the Territory Lords were dealing with their own opponents, so they were unable to return to the Royal City to help.

Che Kong could still protect the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest and ensure it wouldn’t be impacted; however, if all the Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests were destroyed, the war would still be lost.

Without the support from their Black Ink Nests, the Territory Lords would be no match for the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and their new weapon.

Now, Che Kong was the only one who could deal with Yang Kai. As he gritted his teeth, he leaped into the air and pounced at him.

Che Kong was one of the top three Territory Lords in the Great Evolution Theatre, stronger than even many Eighth-Order Masters.

Although it was a risk leaving the High-Rank Black Ink Nest at this point, the only way for Che Kong to resolve the current crisis was by killing this Human quickly, so he decided to proactively make a move instead of waiting for death.