Chapter 5368, Fighting Che Kong

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao bellowed, she cast several Divine Abilities at Mo Zhao, causing his huge figure to stagger and bleed.

In just a few breaths, Mo Zhao’s aura plunged again, as though all his injuries accumulated over the years broke out at the same time. He no longer looked as majestic as a Royal Lord should be.

Initially, he could still fight back against Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, but barely 10 breaths after the destruction of his Black Ink Nest, he fell into a complete disadvantage.

On the other hand, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was increasingly assertive. It seemed that she was determined to destroy her opponent.

No longer a match for the Human woman, Mo Zhao roared, “Save me!”

If no one could lend him a hand, he would most probably be killed by this Old Ancestor.

There was only one person he could seek help from, the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple who was still dealing with the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Presently, only this Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple was able to interfere in the battle between the Old Ancestor and the Royal Lord.

The Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple was indeed powerful. Although six Eighth-Order Masters had joined forces to fight him, they still couldn’t gain the upper hand, and instead, they had been suppressed by this Black Ink Disciple. Three of them were seriously injured as blood spurted out of their wounds.

Hearing Mo Zhao’s call for help, the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple wielded his sword as his Sword Qi exploded and drove the six Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters away before he turned and raced towards Mo Zhao.

Certainly, he had noticed that the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest had collapsed, so he knew that the Black Ink Clan had lost the battle and they couldn’t stay there any longer. Under such circumstances, the only chance to flee from here was for him to join forces with Mo Zhao.

But how could the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters simply stand by and watch?

These six Division Commanders were all experienced warriors, so there was no way they would let their opponent just go at this point. They soon charged forward again and unleashed Secret Techniques and even summoned their Divine Manifestations to pin down this Black Ink Disciple.

These Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were determined to make their opponent stay and didn’t even care if they were heavily wounded in the process.

Hence, two groups of the most powerful Masters entered into an even more intense struggle.

On the other hand, after Yang Kai accomplished his task in the Royal City, he shouted, “The Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest has been destroyed! Death to the Black Ink Clan!”

His loud voice reverberated across the void.

A hush fell on the clamorous battlefield as both the Humans and the Black Ink Clansmen seemed to be digesting this shocking news.

The next instant, countless Humans chanted at the same time as their voices shook the Void.

“Death to the Black Ink Clan!”

“Death to the Black Ink Clan!”

“Death to the Black Ink Clan!”

…..

The Human soldiers felt their morale soar while the Black Ink Clan became anxious and confused.

The battlefield had been chaotic as the soldiers of the two Races clashed, so none of them paid any attention to the happenings in the Royal City. Therefore, both the Humans and the Black Ink Clansmen were not aware that the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest had been destroyed until Yang Kai’s announcement.

Certainly, the Black Ink Clansmen wouldn’t believe Yang Kai, but within moments, the Royal Lord cried out for help. That was when all the Black Ink Clansmen fell into a state of fear and depression.

It seemed that the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest had really been destroyed. Otherwise, the Royal Lord wouldn’t have called for help all of a sudden.

At that instant, the morale of the Black Ink Clan plunged into the abyss.

It had been quite a while since the war started, and both Races had suffered immense losses. With that said, the Black Ink Clansmen were not unable to fight. If they remained united, the Humans might not be able to wipe them out. The Humans might win the battle, but the losses they suffered would also be unbearable.

However, at this moment, all the Black Ink Clan soldiers were flustered and many lost all will to fight. Forget the weaker Black Ink Clansmen, even the Territory Lords felt the urge to throw down their weapons and run for their lives.

Most of the Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests had been destroyed even before the Royal Lord Black Ink Nest fell, so the Territory Lords could no longer draw energy from them. On the battlefield, more and more Territory Lords were killed in rapid succession. Although some of the Eighth-Order Masters had lost their lives as well, the Black Ink Clan suffered far more significant casualties.

It seemed that the Royal Lord was no longer able to persevere, and once he was killed, the Territory Lords would certainly die as well. Both Races had been fighting for millennia, and the blood feud between them was irresolvable. The Black Ink Clansmen didn’t think that the Humans would be magnanimous enough to spare them when the war ended.

At the thought of this, the surviving Territory Lords lost the determination to fight on. Nevertheless, it was because of this that they fell into an even more perilous situation.

The destruction of the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest seemed to be a catalyst that propelled the Humans to an absolute advantage on the battlefield.

The Special Operations Squads, who had been suppressed by the three Territory Lords, finally had a chance to catch their breath.

The three elite Squads, led by the Old Turtles, respectively held up one Territory Lord each. They were initially on the losing side, and their Warships had all taken significant damage. They would have to retreat soon; otherwise, fatalities would soon begin to appear among them. Once their Warships were shattered, many, if not all of them would lose their lives.

However, at this moment, these three Territory Lords were no longer determined to kill and instead began focusing on fleeing.

Certainly, Chai Fang and the others wouldn’t grant their wish. They did everything they could to tie down their opponents, and as expected, the Territory Lords were enraged.

On the battlefield, the Humans fought on while the Black Ink Clansmen were routed and attempted to flee.

On the other hand, Yang Kai was having a hard time in the Royal City.

Right after he announced the destruction of the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest, he felt that all his fury accumulated over the years had been vented. However, his thrill was short-lived as Che Kong soon charged at him with a dark expression.

This time, Che Kong no longer held back any of his strength. Being one of the top Territory Lords, his full power was quite intense. Although Yang Kai was now a 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon, his Dragon Scales were still blasted off by his opponent. His bones cracked, and one of his eyes was almost blinded.

The power that Che Kong showcased at this moment was even greater than that of even Xiang Shan.

After just 30 breaths of time, Yang Kai knew that he was no match for the other party. If not for the fact that the Dao of Space was abstruse and elusive and his Dragon Form was incredibly sturdy, he would’ve been beaten to death by now.

There was no denying that he was in a perilous situation.

Yang Kai wasn’t born as a member of the Dragon Clan and had only grown into a 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon because of an opportunity in the Dragon Pool; it wasn’t a result of his own hard work in terms of training and gradual growth; therefore, he didn’t have enough control over his Dragon Form’s power yet.

In other words, he wasn’t able to fully bring out the strength of his Ancient Dragon Form at this moment.

If he had grown into a 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon through hard work over many millennia, he wouldn’t have looked so battered despite not being a match for Che Kong.

When his opponent’s fist struck his head, Yang Kai started seeing Stars, and he felt as if his skull had cracked. Infuriated, he snarled, “Che Kong, the Royal Lord will die soon, and then you’ll be next!”

Since he couldn’t defeat Che Kong, Yang Kai could only threaten him, hoping to intimidate the other party into escaping.

Although letting Che Kong off would be potentially problematic in the future, Yang Kai didn’t want to be entangled in this life-and-death battle any longer.

However, Che Kong was unfazed as he refuted coldly, “Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to kill you first.” FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

He was truly resentful of Yang Kai. He was responsible for protecting the Royal City, but Yang Kai still had the nerve to destroy so many Territory Lord Black Ink Nests in front of him. In the end, Yang Kai had even smashed the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest.

Now, Che Kong wasn’t sure if the other party was a Human or a Dragon Clan member.

When Yang Kai was a Human, it was apparent that he was just a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, but when he transformed into a Dragon, he was a 70,000-metre-long Ancient Dragon, which was odd.

Regardless of Yang Kai’s real identity, Che Kong could only vent his anger by killing him.

Che Kong had considered running away, but he didn’t think he could succeed. The other Territory Lords might be able to flee, but he didn’t have a chance to do so because he was one of the most powerful Territory Lords, so the Humans would undoubtedly prioritize killing him.

Che Kong’s stubbornness was giving Yang Kai a headache as it seemed the former was determined to drag him down to the Yellow Springs.

The Humans had gone through lots of hardship since the crusade started, and they finally saw hope of victory. Perhaps after this war, they would be able to destroy all the enemies on the Black Ink Battlefield once and for all and then return to the 3,000 Worlds.

Yang Kai’s friends and family members were still waiting for him, so he didn’t want to lose his life here.

It was vexing that he had used up all the Soul Rending Thorns. If he could cast a second Soul Rending Thorn at Che Kong at this time, he could significantly weaken him despite not being able to kill him.

[His Black Ink Nest might still be around. Otherwise, he couldn’t possibly remain so powerful. I have to find his Black Ink Nest and destroy it…] All of a sudden, Yang Kai felt his chest tightening. [Wait. What am I thinking? His Black Ink Nest is still around? How could that be?]

Supposedly, since the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest had been destroyed, all the Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests should have started withering as well. After all, those Territory Lord Black Ink Nests were bred from the Royal Lord Black Ink Nest, and they couldn’t survive on their own.

However, at this moment, there were still about a dozen Territory Lord Black Ink Nests standing in the Royal City.

[What’s going on?] A lot of ideas flashed across Yang Kai’s mind and he soon took a glance at the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest and formed a speculation.

The Royal Lord Black Ink Nest had been smashed to the ground by his tail sweep earlier, but it hadn’t been completely destroyed. In its current state, it had affected the Royal Lord’s ability to draw energy from it, which was proven by the fact that the Royal Lord now appeared weak and feeble while fighting against Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao; however, it wasn’t dead yet.

Since the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest hadn’t been fully destroyed, it certainly didn’t have a huge impact on the surviving Territory Lord Black Ink Nests.

Realising Yang Kai’s intentions, Che Kong exerted more force with his attacks, giving the opponent no chance to approach the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest again.

[I can’t drag this out any longer.]

Yang Kai looked around and saw that in different parts of the battlefield, the Eighth-Order Masters were locked in intense battles with the Territory Lords. There was no denying that the Humans had gained the upper hand; however, if Yang Kai lured Che Kong to those Eighth-Order Masters, their efforts so far might go down the drain.

In that case, there was only one place he could go.

Having made up his mind, he braced himself to endure one of Che Kong’s blows, which caused his Dragon Form to stagger before he charged towards Great Evolution Pass while calling out, “Help!”

Great Evolution Pass was hovering 5 million kilometres away from the Royal City.

While it was rotating slowly, the arrays and artifacts installed on the walls continuously shot at the Black Ink Clan soldiers. It had been a while since the war started, and the arrangements around Great Evolution Pass had killed a lot of enemies.

Certainly, the soldiers in Great Evolution Pass could see the golden 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon fleeing in their direction.

Hearing Yang Kai’s call for help, they activated the power of the arrays and artifacts and rained down attacks on the enemy behind him without hesitation.

At that instant, countless flashes of light cut across the void and reached for Che Kong.

However, Yang Kai’s figure was colossal and Che Kong was following behind him, so the attacks from Great Evolution Pass couldn’t directly strike him.

Upon that realization, Yang Kai quickly returned to his Human Form. While spraying out a mouthful of blood, he flew towards Great Evolution Pass.

As a result, Che Kong fell into a dangerous situation.

Although most of the attacks missed their target, dozens of them rained down on him in a constant barrage, so many of them still hit their mark.