Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5369, Open Your Dog Eyes

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai crossed a million kilometres in the blink of an eye.

When Che Kong endured the storm of attacks and reached somewhere near Great Evolution Pass, Yang Kai was nowhere to be found.

While he was on the way earlier, he was faced with the powers of the arrays and artifacts from Great Evolution Pass, which disturbed the space around him and caused him to lose track of his enemy.

[Where is he?]

Soon, Che Kong detected Yang Kai’s aura. He was strong, so it was expected that his Divine Sense wasn’t weak either. Unless Yang Kai had already left this battlefield, Che Kong would definitely find him if he was determined to do so.

When Che Kong found Yang Kai though, his expression turned livid.

That was because after Yang Kai lured him to this place, he wheeled around and returned to the chaotic battlefield. At this moment, he didn’t intend to hide his whereabouts at all. He transformed into his 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon Form again and charged around the battlefield.

Now, essentially all of the Territory Lords were occupied with their own battles, so a 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon like Yang Kai was like a tiger barging into a flock of sheep. No one was a match for him.

Every time Yang Kai let out his Dragon Breath and wielded his Dragon Claws, hundreds of Black Ink Clansmen exploded into blood mist. While he was at it, he kept looking in Great Evolution Pass’ direction. Despite being majestic, he appeared as though he was ready to flee at any moment.

Che Kong was enraged as the fury stuck in his chest was like a volcano that was about to erupt.

[That brat has gone too far!]

An incensed Che Kong directly turned around and charged towards the battlefield. The attacks from Great Evolution Pass rained down on him from behind, causing his Black Ink Strength to undulate and his figure to shake.

Seeing that his opponent was chasing after him again, Yang Kai was vexed.

Left with no choice, he returned to Human Form and darted in a particular direction on the battlefield. While on his way, he avoided passing through places where the Humans gathered and instead stuck closer to the Black Ink Clan forces

Che Kong had apparently gone insane, so Yang Kai wouldn’t dare to lure him to the Human soldiers lest they be implicated.

The opponent’s powerful aura locked onto him like an anchor, causing his brow to twitch. It was a sign that he was constantly in danger.

Given such a situation, Che Kong was still determined to kill Yang Kai, which went to show how angered he was.

Although Yang Kai was a Master of the Dao of Space, Che Kong was swift as he relentlessly pursued his target. Wherever they went, the Black Ink Clan soldiers, who had lost their morale, suffered miserably. They were either killed by Yang Kai or lost their lives after getting hit by the fallout of Che Kong’s attacks.

It had come to a point where Che Kong couldn’t be bothered with accidentally killing his own clansmen. To him, Yang Kai was the culprit who had destroyed all their Black Ink Nests, so even though the Black Ink Clan had lost the war, he was determined to end Yang Kai’s life.

As the chase dragged on, the gap between them shortened.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai turned around and dashed towards the Royal City.

He hadn’t forgotten that there were still a couple dozen Black Ink Nests that were still standing. Moreover, the reason Che Kong was still so powerful must have something to do with the fact that his Black Ink Nest was still around.

To get rid of his pursuer, Yang Kai had to destroy Che Kong’s Black Ink Nest first.

“Courting death!” Che Kong instantly figured out Yang Kai’s intention; however, he was unable to stop him on his own. Seeing that Yang Kai was getting closer to the Royal City, Che Kong roared, “Bo Gen, kill him!”

Somewhere in front of Yang Kai, a Territory Lord was tangled up in a fight against the Old Turtle Squad.

Since he started battling against this Special Operations Squad, Bo Gen had managed to injure Chai Fang and the others. While there were 10 Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the Old Turtle Squad, none of them was in good shape now.

Previously, Bo Gen had drawn energy from his Black Ink Nest, allowing him to use a power that exceeded his own limits.

However, when Yang Kai kicked up a storm in the Royal City, his Black Ink Nest was among those destroyed. Without the Black Ink Nest’s assistance, Bo Gen’s power returned to normal, which was why the Old Turtles were able to deal with him.

Nevertheless, they were all wounded. Even though they had given their all, the Old Turtles could only ensure that they wouldn’t lose.

They couldn’t kill this Territory Lord named Bo Gen.

Even if all the Seventh-Order Masters of the Old Turtle Squad were still at peak strength, they couldn’t kill a Territory Lord, not to mention that they were all injured now.

Similarly, it was difficult for Bo Gen to destroy them. The Old Turtle Squad’s defence was impenetrable, and all the members specifically cultivated defensive Secret Arts. As such, they all had thick skin and strong flesh.

Hearing Che Kong’s roar, Bo Gen used a powerful Secret Technique without hesitation. As his Black Ink Strength undulated, he cast this Secret Technique at the Old Turtle Squad. At the same time, he whirled around and pounced towards Yang Kai.

Seeing that, Chai Fang, who was leading his team members to deal with the Territory Lord, bellowed, “Stop him! Activate the sealing array!”

The moment he finished speaking, the Old Turtle Squad’s Warship started shining brightly. Something that looked like a tortoise shell expanded rapidly and occupied a large area in the void.

Bo Gen, who was trying to leave, was suddenly rooted to the spot. The moment of delay cost him the chance to extricate himself.

The gigantic tortoise shell soon folded and entrapped everyone inside.

After that, Bo Gen and the Old Turtle Squad’s Warship were nowhere to be found.

It was apparent that they had been trapped inside the tortoiseshell and now a fierce struggle where only one party would survive would ensue. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

That was a dangerous move for the Old Turtles. If a Territory Lord decided to go all out, they might not be able to withstand his attacks.

Yang Kai skirted past the tortoise shell and roared, “Hang in there, Brother Chai! I’ll be back to help you kill the enemy soon!”

Chai Fang’s voice sounded from the shell, “There’s no need! I’ll kill this Territory Lord myself!”

Yang Kai fell silent. [Fine. Since you want to act tough, I’ll let you be. Let’s see if you ask for my help later.]

While he was distracted by this thought, someone warned him from afar, “Brother Yang, watch out!”

Instantly, Yang Kai was alarmed as he lifted his Azure Dragon Spear and thrust it to the side without hesitation.

Struck by an immense force, he was sent flying away while spraying out a mouthful of blood.

Another Territory Lord, who was previously dealing with the Profound Wind Squad, had arrived.

On the battlefield, every Territory Lord had their own opponents, who were mostly Eighth-Order Division Commanders. Those Territory Lords who were dealing with the Eighth-Order Masters could naturally not shake off their opponents.

Therefore, it was the three Territory Lords who were battling against the Special Operations Squads that were able to help out.

The Old Turtle Squad’s opponent had been trapped inside a giant tortoise shell, while the one facing Dawn wasn’t strong enough, so he was unable to shake off his opponents. Unfortunately, the Profound Wind Squad’s enemy escaped from Ma Gao’s suppression and launched a sneak attack on Yang Kai, causing the latter to suffer a setback.

Seeing that, a relentless Che Kong roared, “Well done!”

He also seized this chance to push out his palm at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai hadn’t stabilised himself when Che Kong’s attack arrived. Flustered, he raised his spear to defend himself, but his actions were futile. His arms shook and as his body cracked. Even his chest was indented, and the blood he sprayed out was mixed with pieces of his organs.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai borrowed the momentum of this blow to continue charging towards the Royal City, coughing up blood the whole time.

Meanwhile, Che Kong’s expression was extremely dark.

He and the other Territory Lord had successfully attacked, but they were still unable to kill Yang Kai. There was no denying that it was hard to deal with this brat.

If an average Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was struck with their attacks, they would be badly wounded if not killed outright.

However, even though Yang Kai was injured, his mobility wasn’t affected one bit.

Che Kong had a feeling that it had something to do with the fact that Yang Kai was a member of the Dragon Clan.

A Dragon’s defence and physique far surpassed that of a Human’s; after all, every Dragon Clan member was covered with Dragon Scales. Although their Dragon Scales were not visible when they were in Human Form, their defence remained strong.

The Territory Lords’ attacks might have been offset by Yang Kai’s hidden Dragon Scales.

Many ideas flashed across Che Kong’s mind, but it didn’t slow him down.

The other Territory Lord intended to chase after Yang Kai as well, but the Profound Wind Squad pounced on him. Ma Gao was so furious that his face contorted. The illusory phantom of his Small Universe flashed across his back as he led his Squad members to cast a barrage at this Territory Lord.

They blamed themselves for failing in their duty to prevent Yang Kai from being ambushed, so they were naturally enraged.

The Old Turtle Squad and Dawn Squad had managed to pin down their opponents. Was the Profound Wind Squad any weaker?

At that instant, all the Profound Wind Squad members exerted themselves to attack this Territory Lord. They had mainly been trying to stall for time while defending themselves earlier, but they had given up on that now. They were determined to make sure this Territory Lord wouldn’t shake them off again even if they had to suffer casualties along the way.

On the other hand, Yang Kai arrived at the Royal City and bolted towards a Black Ink Nest. While on his way, he roared, “Che Kong, open your dog eyes wide and watch!”

He swept his Azure Dragon Spear across a Mid-Rank Black Ink Nest, causing it to collapse to the ground.

Without stopping, he continued dashing forward. Soon enough, another Black Ink Nest collapsed. A moment later, another Black Ink Nest was destroyed. In the blink of an eye, three Black Ink Nests had been shattered.

When Yang Kai flew out the other side of the Royal City, he felt his face twitching wildly. Che Kong was just too lucky!

There were only a couple dozen Black Ink Nests left in the Royal City, and he had destroyed three of them. However, none of them belonged to Che Kong as his aura remained powerful.

The success rate was neither high nor low as he had cut three out of some 20 Black Ink Nests. Furthermore, he had demolished several Black Ink Nests a while ago, but Che Kong still hadn’t been affected one bit.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but acknowledge that Che Kong was a lucky person.

He didn’t intend to completely destroy the High-Rank Black Ink Nest as it had already fallen to the ground and the Royal Lord was no longer able to draw energy from it, which was enough.

Since the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest had survived his attack, Yang Kai decided to let it be for now.

The Humans possessed a Mid-Rank Black Ink Nest, and after years of research, they found out a lot of the Black Ink Nest’s secrets. If they could obtain this half-dead High-Rank Black Ink Nest, they might be able to learn even more.

Things were looking up in the Great Evolution Theatre, causing Yang Kai to wonder how the Humans in the other Theatres were doing. Therefore, he reckoned that he should keep this High-Rank Black Ink Nest. Perhaps it would prove to be useful in the future.

Two figures subsequently left the Royal City and darted towards Great Evolution Pass again.

While running away, Yang Kai bellowed, “Shoot him!”

Soon, innumerable flashes of light shot out from Great Evolution Pass, as if history was repeating itself.

However, with his previous experience, Che Kong figured out that Yang Kai wanted to use the attacks from Great Evolution Pass as a screen to shake him off so he could make a fuss on the battlefield again.

Therefore, he quickly locked his aura onto Yang Kai, ensuring that the latter wouldn’t be able to flee.