Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5370, Too Brutal

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The aura was like a needle as well as a lock. While Yang Kai felt a threat behind him, he was also unable to activate Instantaneous Movement.

The instant Space Principles undulated, Che Kong’s aura would flare up and destabilize the Void, ensuring that Yang Kai was unable to flee.

Over the years, even though Yang Kai had repeatedly made use of Space Principles to escape opponents, there were distressing moments when he was faced with much stronger enemies.

After all, Instantaneous Movement wasn’t invincible.

As long as the Void around Yang Kai was sufficiently turbulent, he wouldn’t be able to teleport away.

Two figures circled around Great Evolution Pass at a great speed. While spitting blood, Yang Kai grinned, “Let’s see how much longer you can persevere!”

This kind of action put Che Kong in a disadvantageous position.

There were all sorts of arrangements on the walls of Great Evolution Pass which could be used to rain down a constant stream of attacks on Che Kong while Yang Kai, who was at the front, was unaffected.

They repeatedly circled Great Evolution Pass.

During the third round, Che Kong started finding it unbearable. His gigantic figure trembled as he was struck by the attacks from Great Evolution Pass over and over again. Soon, he realised that he couldn’t just keep getting hit without counterattacking.

Infuriated, he threw out his fist at Great Evolution Pass.

Upon impact, the light barrier around the Pass shook, but it remained undamaged.

Seeing that, Yang Kai snorted. Now, five Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were controlling the Core and sustaining the defences around the Great Pass. There was no way Che Kong could damage the Great Pass on his own.

Che Kong was distracted when he made a move earlier. Seizing the chance, Yang Kai activated his power and shook off the aura locked onto his figure. The next instant, he activated Space Principles and disappeared.

Detecting something, Che Kong turned around and saw Yang Kai hovering above an enormous Black Ink Nest in the Royal City.

A distance of five million kilometres was short for a powerful cultivator, especially one skilled in the Dao of Space. An unrestrained Yang Kai could cross such a distance in a flash.

However, he didn’t immediately destroy the Black Ink Nest beneath him; instead, he eyed Che Kong from a distance and sneered.

Che Kong barked, “Don’t you dare!”

Yang Kai scoffed, “Your expression tells me that this is indeed your Black Ink Nest.”

He had gained some useful information after being tangled up with Che Kong for such a long time. At the very least, he had faintly detected the direction where his opponent drew more Black Ink Strength from.

By tracing this trail, he soon found Che Kong’s Black Ink Nest.

Che Kong was lucky earlier as he wasn’t affected one bit after Yang Kai destroyed three out of more than 20 or so remaining Black Ink Nests. Now that his Black Ink Nest had been found though, it seemed that he had run out of luck.

While roaring, Che Kong charged towards the Royal City in an attempt to stop Yang Kai.

Nevertheless, it was too late. For a Master of the Dao of Space like Yang Kai, he could move across hundreds of thousands of kilometres in the blink of an eye, so regardless of how fast Che Kong was, it would take him at least a few breaths to reach his enemy. He was unable to stop Yang Kai.

Yang Kai raised his hand as World Force swirled around his palm. The next moment, he pushed his palm out.

Under the influence of an immense force, the Black Ink Nest trembled before being ground to paste. All the Black Ink Strength within the Black Ink Nest formed into a gigantic Black Ink Cloud, shadowing a large area of the Royal City.

With the previous experience where the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest wasn’t completely shattered, Yang Kai realized that his move at that time wasn’t ruthless enough; therefore, he made sure to completely vaporize this Black Ink Nest, leaving no trace of it behind.

The moment the Black Ink Nest was destroyed, Che Kong’s imposing aura plunged and his figure became sluggish.

The destruction of the Black Ink Nest did not only make him lose the source where he could draw energy from, but it also caused some backlash to him.

Usually, this kind of impact was negligible and it wouldn’t harm him one bit.

However, at this moment, there was a pair of eyes that sensitively caught this momentary weakness.

Right after Yang Kai destroyed the Black Ink Nest and Che Kong’s aura plunged, a figure shot out of Great Evolution Pass and launched an attack. He had been waiting for quite a while.

A ferocious aura locked onto Che Kong and the attack from behind was like an ominous wind from Hell, causing him to nearly jump out of his skin.

It was an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!

At this critical moment, an Eighth-Order Master launched a sneak attack on him.

[Is it one of the Eighth-Order Masters who was staying in Great Evolution Pass?] Che Kong was unable to figure it out. He chased after Yang Kai to Great Evolution Pass twice, and during the second time, he circled around the Pass three times. However, those Eighth-Order Masters didn’t seem to have the intention of making a move even then.

Che Kong had a feeling that they were unable to make a move for some reason. That was why he had the guts to stick so close to Great Evolution Pass. It never crossed his mind that an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would assault him at this moment.

His fury over the destruction of his Black Ink Nest was replaced by extreme fear. At this critical moment, he had to save himself instead of chasing after Yang Kai.

He hurriedly turned around and surged his Black Ink Strength before casting a Secret Technique.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master’s World Force and the Territory Lord’s Black Ink Strength clashed as their figures trembled. The figure from Great Evolution Pass left just as quick as he came. The moment he came into contact with Che Kong, he was sent flying away and spraying out a mouthful of blood. On the other hand, even though Che Kong was forced backwards, he wasn’t as battered as his opponent.

There was no denying that Che Kong had gained the upper hand during this exchange. Despite the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master’s majestic attack, he seemed as frail as a piece of paper.

Finally, Che Kong identified the Eighth-Order Master who launched an attack on him.

He was none other than Cha Pu!

The weaker Black Ink Clansmen knew little about the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, but a Territory Lord like Che Kong was well aware of the enemies’ information.

Therefore, he could instantly recognise this Eighth-Order Master. [I see! I’m surprised that it’s him.]

Cha Pu was previously injured when the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple revealed himself. If not for the fact that the Black Ink Disciple’s target was the Old Ancestor, Cha Pu would’ve been killed by the surprise attack.

Despite that, Cha Pu was still badly wounded in that clash. After that, Yang Kai came over in a hurry and saved him before bringing him back to Great Evolution Pass.

In fact, as a veteran Eighth-Order Master, Cha Pu was fairly strong. However, he had lost the ability to fight after being wounded by the Black Ink Disciple. Therefore, he could only recuperate in Great Evolution Pass.

Che Kong had almost forgotten about him.

Who could have thought that a wounded Eighth-Order Master would launch a sneak attack on him at that instant?

That was the reason Cha Pu was easily driven off after being struck, for the Black Ink Disciple had severely wounded him. There was no way he could suppress such a serious injury in such a short time. Although he had made a rash move, the fact that he wasn’t killed by Che Kong’s all-out counter-attack showed the depths of his heritage. Wounded for a second time, Cha Pu was unable to make a second move.

Presently, he was sent flying away towards Great Evolution Pass with a livid expression.

Without hesitation, Che Kong chased after the man. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Although Yang Kai was despicable, Che Kong had realised it was difficult to deal with him after their brief clash. Yang Kai wasn’t powerful in his Human Form, but he could make use of Space Principles and the Great Pass to deal with his opponent. Now that Che Kong’s Black Ink Nest was destroyed, he might not be able to kill him.

On the other hand, Cha Pu was different, for Che Kong had the confidence to kill him.

Ending an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master’s life was tempting to Che Kong. Since the Black Ink Nests were now all dying, he had to take any chance he could get to weaken the Humans’ collective power.

However, before Che Kong could make a move, a figure appeared in front of him suddenly and almost stood face-to-face with him.

Che Kong widened his eyes in disbelief and roared, “You dare provoke me still?!”

Yang Kai should consider himself lucky that Che Kong didn’t find fault with him. Nevertheless, after he destroyed the Black Ink Nest, he didn’t immediately run away. Instead, he had the nerve to get in Che Kong’s way.

[Does he think I’m a pushover!?]

Che Kong was infuriated. He was one of the most powerful Territory Lords in the Great Evolution Theatre. Even some of the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were no match for him. Even though he was no longer able to draw energy from his Black Ink Nest, there was no way a Seventh-Order Human was a match for him.

While roaring, he extended his hand and grasped Yang Kai.

Just as he was ready to exert more force with his hand and squeeze Yang Kai to death, the latter also extended his hands and turned them into Dragon Claws before gripping Che Kong’s shoulders. With a hideous expression, he roared, “Die! Die! Die!”

Every time he cursed at Che Kong, his Divine Sense flared as pure Spiritual Energy burst forth like a tsunami.

Che Kong became rooted to the spot as his facial features warp in agony. He was going through so much pain that he couldn’t stop howling.

Yang Kai wasn’t feeling any better. All his bones cracked as Che Kong tightened his grip; however, he was still laughing like a madman.

Their faces were in such close proximity that they almost came into contact with each other, and both of them appeared deranged. Seeing that, the soldiers in Great Evolution Pass felt a crawling sensation on their scalps.

Despite the distance between them, they could clearly feel the violent fluctuations of Spiritual Energy bursting out of Yang Kai.

At this moment, he was engaging in a Soul battle with Che Kong.

This was a fight without any technique, simply a brutal clash that might lead to mutual destruction. It was dangerous for two Divine Senses to clash as even if one party was stronger, their Soul would inevitably be weakened and damaged by the other party.

If there was serious damage to one’s Soul, that person would become a living corpse.

[He’s putting his life in danger! It’s too brutal!]

All the soldiers in Great Evolution Pass widened their eyes in disbelief. They were shocked by Yang Kai’s savage move that was akin to mutual suicide, fearful of what might happen to him.

On the other hand, Yang Kai was not worried about his safety at all. The higher-ups also knew that he had the Soul Warming Lotus, and with it, there was no need to worry about this kind of damage to his Soul.

However, it was a different story for Che Kong.

He was previously struck by a Soul Rending Thorn, so his Soul had already suffered a serious injury. Now that he was faced with Yang Kai’s all-out Spiritual Energy attack, he started seeing Stars and feeling dizzy.

Back when Yang Kai was in Royal Lord Black Ink Nest Space, he had used 11 Soul Rending Thorns and killed and crippled a lot of Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples.

Although some of them ultimately survived, they were badly wounded and might not have recovered to this day. This went to show how powerful the Soul Rending Thorns were.

With that said, everyone in the Black Ink Nest Space was a Soul Avatar, which magnified the effectiveness of Soul Rending Thorns.

Although a Soul Rending Thorn was still extremely powerful in the outside world, it wasn’t as fatal as in a Black Ink Nest Space where one lacked a physical body to help protect themselves.

Despite that, Che Kong couldn’t have possibly remained unharmed after getting struck by a Soul Rending Thorn.