Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5371, Mo Zhao’s Death

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

However, after Yang Kai cast the Soul Rending Thorn earlier, Che Kong was only momentarily affected and soon regained his composure.

Yang Kai didn’t think the other party was powerful enough to ignore the Soul Rending Thorn’s impact; after all, he had sacrificed quite a bit of his Soul to power that Soul Rending Thorn. Since it was also damaging to him, there was no way it wasn’t harmful to a Territory Lord.

Even though the Soul Rending Thorn wasn’t as effective in the outside world as it was inside the Black Ink Nest Space, it couldn’t be completely ineffective.

The only explanation was that Che Kong had used a Secret Technique to suppress the damage to his Soul.

The Black Ink Clan had suffered a huge setback because of the Soul Rending Thorns a while back, so they must have been vigilant against these strange artifacts now.

Since it was just a suppressed injury, it was easy for Yang Kai to target this weakness.

In the battle against Che Kong earlier, Yang Kai didn’t target his Soul at all. He hadn’t forgotten about it, but instead wanted to numb the other party’s sense of wariness.

When they were circling around Great Evolution Pass earlier, Cha Pu had sent a Divine Sense transmission and said that he could help, but Yang Kai had told him to wait.

Cha Pu was badly wounded, so even if he made a move at that point, it wouldn’t have been impactful.

Only after Yang Kai destroyed Che Kong’s Black Ink Nest would there be an opening for Cha Pu to make a move.

A sneak attack from a heavily wounded Eighth-Order Master might not be enough to kill Che Kong, but what about a series of attacks on his Soul?

At this moment, Yang Kai could clearly feel that Che Kong’s Soul was being shredded.

The Soul of a top Territory Lord was just as powerful as any Eighth-Order Master.

Although Yang Kai’s Soul was essentially on par with an Eighth-Order Master’s, his current actions would only lead to mutually assured death under normal circumstances. No one could gain the upper hand in such a fight.

Nevertheless, it was different now. After their Divine Senses clashed several times, Che Kong was clearly in a disadvantageous position. He kept roaring in pain while his gigantic body trembled.

He could no longer even exert enough force with his hand to hold Yang Kai in place. It was apparent that the damage to his Soul that he had been suppressing finally broke out and the Soul Rending Thorn was madly digging in.

Yang Kai didn’t bother to shake off the other party’s grasp as he just continued to pummel Che Kong with his Spiritual Energy. The invisible force exploded in Che Kong’s head, causing his seven orifices to bleed.

“Just die already!” Yang Kai roared and exerted more force with his Dragon Claws before pulling Che Kong’s arms off, causing blood to spurt out from the fresh wounds.

He didn’t panic when the Royal Lord Black Ink Nest was destroyed, but now that his life was at risk, he could no longer keep his cool.

The void around Che Kong became viscous all of a sudden as Yang Kai raised his hands and two marks appeared. The powers of Blue and Yellow Crystals were drawn from his Small Universe as they gathered together between his palms and turned into the purest white light.

All the surrounding darkness was driven off.

Before the war began, all of the Seventh-Order Masters had received a certain amount of Evil Purging Divine Spears, including those from Dawn. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

However, Yang Kai received none of those.

Evil Purging Divine Spears damaged and killed Black Ink Clansmen with Purifying Light, but Yang Kai was the one who sealed all the Purifying Light inside the Evil Purging Divine Spears, which was why he didn’t need any for himself.

If he wanted to deal with the Black Ink Clan, he could just directly activate Purifying Light.

When he arrived at Blue Sky Pass after escaping from the Black Ink Clan’s territory back then, he had used Purifying Light on a wounded Territory Lord. After that, he had not openly shown the white light in front of any Black Ink Clansmen again for the past several hundred years.

It wasn’t that he did not want to, but that he had been warned not to.

A long time ago, Zhong Liang had told him not to activate Purifying Light in public. At that time, Zhong Liang explained that this power was the best weapon against the Black Ink Clan; however, Yang Kai was still too weak. If this power was revealed too soon, he would surely be targeted by the Black Ink Clan.

Zhong Liang even wanted him to stay in Blue Sky Pass and never enter the battlefield, but Yang Kai soon snuck out of the Great Pass to join the fight.

Now, it seemed that those at the top were already getting prepared for the crusade back then.

Purifying Light was a secret weapon that could catch the Black Ink Clan off guard during the crusade.

Now that the Evil Purging Divine Spears proved to be a great success, Yang Kai no longer needed to hide his ability to use Purifying Light.

The bright light soon engulfed Che Kong. If he were still at the peak of his power, he could have dodged it easily; however, his Soul had been damaged and he couldn’t think straight, so it was too late when he realized he was in danger.

The pure white light cast the darkness away and covered a large area in the void, including Che Kong.

The thick Black Ink Strength seemed to have come across its arch nemesis, and as it clashed with the pure light, it was rapidly vaporized.

On the other hand, Che Kong seemed to be going through the most horrible torture imaginable as he screamed in agony, his facial features contorting uncontrollably.

In the blink of an eye, this powerful Territory Lord looked like a dilapidated house as a large amount of Purifying Light entered his body through his pores and seven orifices and eroded the source of his power.

Che Kong had never expected that he would one day be invaded by a corrosive power just like the Humans had suffered for so long.

This was no different from the Black Ink Strength’s effects on Humans.

While Che Kong’s energy was in a mess, Yang Kai reached him and fiercely thrust his spear through his opponent’s head.

Yang Kai had channelled all his strength into the weapon and, with a clever use of Space Principles, the spear ignored any form of distance and directly penetrated Che Kong’s head.

Swinging his spear down, Yang Kai cut the other party’s body in half, finally causing the Territory Lord’s aura to dissipate and vanish. He had managed to kill a Territory Lord.

Moreover, Che Kong wasn’t just any Territory Lord, he was one of the most powerful Territory Lords. The Territory Lord that Yang Kai and Bai Yi had joined forces to kill all those years back wasn’t even comparable.

Blood mist spread out as thick Black Ink Strength exploded and turned into a sea of darkness. The undulations were more violent than when Yang Kai destroyed those Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests.

However, the sea of darkness was soon wiped away by the Purifying Light.

The bright light contracted soon after and left Yang Kai standing in the void all on his own with the spear in hand. His entire figure was soaked in blood and his murderous intent still hadn’t subsided.

All the soldiers in Great Evolution Pass stared intently at him.

They had watched the life-and-death battle from start to finish, and although Yang Kai had made use of Great Evolution Pass’ power and Cha Pu had made a move to shock the enemy, Yang Kai still pulled off a stunning feat by killing a powerful Territory Lord despite being just a Seventh-Order Master.

There was never such a brave and fearless Black Ink Clansman. Only the Humans could succeed at defeating enemies stronger than themselves in one-on-one battles.

All the soldiers in Great Evolution Pass broke into a fit of cheers and even more attacks soon sent out to the rest of the battlefield.

“Che Kong is dead…”

Initially, Yang Kai wanted to loudly announce Che Kong’s death to boost the Humans’ morale, but right after Che Kong’s demise, an even more powerful aura swelled up like a final blaze of glory.

Following that, the Royal Lord roared, “You think you’ve won just by killing this King? The Human Race will forever be our slaves! That day will surely come! Black Ink Eternal!”

On the battlefield, both the Humans and the Black Ink Clansmen turned to look at the source of the voice.

In fact, they couldn’t see anything because the battlefield was too chaotic, especially in the region where Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and Mo Zhao had fought. The moment these eyes turned to look at the battle, all they could see was an endless region of darkness explode all of a sudden.

At the same time, the Royal Lord’s aura vanished.

Mo Zhao was dead!

It wasn’t the first time the Humans managed to kill a Royal Lord in history, but Mo Zhao’s death had a profound impact on the Great Evolution Theatre. It meant the end of an era, and the arrival of another.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao shot out from the cloud of darkness, and despite her petite figure, she appeared incredibly imposing against the weltering darkness.

There were blood stains on her clothes, and her face was slightly pale.

Although she had successfully killed the Royal Lord, she was also wounded. When the Royal Lord was still able to draw energy from his Black Ink Nest in the beginning, they could be considered equally matched.

The reason she could kill Mo Zhao so quickly was that his Black Ink Nest had been smashed.

Mo Zhao was badly wounded to begin with, and without his Black Ink Nest’s support, his strength instantly plummeted.

Even in such a condition though, he couldn’t be considered a weakling. Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao couldn’t kill him without suffering wounds in the process.

However, she didn’t have time to recuperate at this moment. After killing Mo Zhao, she headed straight towards the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple.

She had not forgotten that there was still a powerful foe on the battlefield. Only by killing him could the Humans seize victory in this war. If such an enemy managed to flee, there wouldn’t be any peaceful days for the Great Evolution Army.

The Black Ink Disciple was initially bogged down by six Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters; however, after a prolonged fight, only five of them remained as one had been killed.

The fallen Eighth-Order Division Commander had already been seriously injured to begin with, so when the Royal Lord was in a perilous situation earlier, the Black Ink Disciple flared up in an attempt to save Mo Zhao. It was that Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master who sacrificed his life to stop him from leaving the fight.

Although the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple managed to kill the Eighth-Order Division Commander, the latter’s sacrifice bought enough time for the other five to re-engage.

After such a long time, the Black Ink Disciple and the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were all exhausted and wounded. With five Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters joining forces, it wasn’t easy for the Black Ink Disciple to break through their siege.

That was why the deadlock persisted.

Nevertheless, the instant Mo Zhao passed away, this Black Ink Disciple knew he was doomed.

He had just broken through recently, so he was certainly not Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s match. Although the Old Ancestor was wounded and exhausted, he wasn’t in any better shape.

Therefore, the moment Mo Zhao fell, this Black Ink Disciple grit his teeth as a red light radiated from him and his Blood Essence surged.

He started burning his own Blood Essence and the ferocity with which he wielded his sword increased sharply.

All five Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were taken aback; however, one of them charged forward instead of backing down. A red light also shone from his body as it seemed that he was determined to make the enemy remain even at the cost of his life.

The Black Ink Disciple wasn’t the only one who could burn his Blood Essence. The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master could also do that.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao knew that they couldn’t let this Black Ink Disciple flee, and the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were also aware of that.

However, there was a huge price to pay to stop a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple who was determined to flee.

Although five of them had joined forces, four of them retreated at this moment while the remaining one dashed forward.

Those who backed down sported sorrowful expressions.