Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5372, Saving Himself

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As the sword light subsided, the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master lost his life.

“Bastard!” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao roared. The Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple killed an Eighth-Order Master right in front of her, so she had a good reason to be enraged.

From a distance, she pushed out her palm and struck the Black Ink Disciple’s back, causing him to cough up blood.

At the same time, the surviving four Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters surged their World Force and charged towards the enemy.

As the Secret Techniques landed, the Black Ink Disciple was tossed about like a rag before exploding into pieces.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were startled for a moment, but before they could celebrate their victory, the pieces of flesh all turned into sword waves and penetrated their defence before gathering together in a place that was several hundred thousand kilometres away.

In the blink of an eye, the sword waves condensed into the Black Ink Disciple’s figure; however, his aura was much weaker than before, and his face was pale.

“Gathering Ten Thousand Sword Body!” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao sported a solemn expression as she directly identified the Black Ink Disciple’s Secret Technique.

Great Evolution Paradise was destroyed 30,000 years ago, but just like any of the 72 Paradises, they had their unique Secret Techniques.

Gathering Ten Thousand Sword Body was one such technique. The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters might not be aware of it, but Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was someone who had lived long enough to witness what had happened back then. Certainly, she knew of this Secret Technique.

Even in the Cave Heavens and Paradises, not everyone was allowed to cultivate this kind of Secret Techniques. Only the brightest talents with exceptional aptitudes were able to comprehend and master them.

Since this Black Ink Disciple was able to master Gathering Ten Thousand Sword Body, it showed that he had an outstanding aptitude. If not, he wouldn’t have ascended to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm after being corrupted by Black Ink Strength.

Gathering Ten Thousand Sword Body was an extremely powerful Secret Technique and it was rumoured that when a person had fully mastered it, they could transform themselves into 10,000 Swords Waves and slash out at the world around them.

The reason the Black Ink Disciple had used this Secret Technique, however, wasn’t to kill, but to escape.

Mo Zhao was killed, so Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was able to deal with him now. If he did not escape, he would certainly perish as well.

After his figure took shape, the Black Ink Disciple turned into a sword light and madly broke through the battlefield with his indestructible Sword Qi. Wherever the sword light went, the powerless Human soldiers directly exploded into blood mists. Even Warships were cut in half by the sword light.

Although Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao gave chase, she was unable to catch up quickly.

As time passed, the Black Ink Disciple’s lead would surely shrink and the Old Ancestor would be able to pin him down, but for the moment, he was unstoppable.

However, the Humans in the way might not be able to run away.

Right after the Old Ancestor shouted, Yang Kai, who was still ecstatic over having just killed Che Kong, felt his skin tightening and a crawling sensation on his scalp.

At this moment, he was planning to lend the Old Turtles a hand.

With the help of their custom Warship’s power, the Old Turtle Squad had trapped a Territory Lord. It wasn’t clear what was going on inside the barrier, but Yang Kai was still worried.

If the Territory Lord was pushed into a corner, the Old Turtles might not survive.

Nevertheless, before he could move, Yang Kai felt a ferocious aura locking onto him. The owner of the aura was so powerful that even Che Kong paled in comparison.

It was the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple!

Yang Kai had never expected that the Black Ink Disciple would charge towards him after breaking the siege, and judging from the Black Ink Disciple’s actions, it was apparent that this was an intentional move.

The battlefield was vast, and there were still a lot of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters who were tangled up in battles against the Territory Lords. If this Black Ink Disciple wanted to kill some Eighth-Order Masters at this point, he could easily do so.

Nonetheless, he didn’t target any of the Eighth-Order Masters and instead set his sights on the Seventh-Order Human named Yang Kai.

Certainly, Yang Kai wouldn’t believe that the other party wasn’t doing this intentionally.

Had the Purifying Light caught his attention? The Black Ink Disciple must have realised that Yang Kai was the source of the Purifying Light.

Therefore, even though he was currently running for his life, he was still determined to end Yang Kai’s life.

The moment the Black Ink Disciple heard Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao shouting at him from afar, he hesitated for a moment, but soon he became determined and flew at Yang Kai with even greater speed.

The Old Ancestor’s action suggested that his judgement was right; this Seventh-Order brat must be important to the Human Race.

This kind of chance was hard to come by, so he had to contribute by killing Yang Kai.

Seeing this, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was infuriated and hastened her pace. However, the Black Ink Disciple had turned into a sword light so he temporarily had the advantage in speed. The Old Ancestor was unable to catch up in time, so she shouted at Yang Kai, “Run!”

In the closest battle against a Territory Lord to Yang Kai, an Eighth-Order Master had gained the upper hand after a prolonged struggle. The Territory Lord kept coughing up blood and was almost powerless to counterattack.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master had the confidence to kill this Territory Lord within an incense stick. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

However, at this moment, he directly gave up the Military Merits he would soon acquire and darted towards Yang Kai without feeling concerned that he was facing away from the Territory Lord.

Fortunately, the Territory Lord just wanted to run for his life after escaping from death’s door and didn’t have the intention to launch an attack.

On this chaotic battlefield, a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple’s murderous intent was raging while an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master tried to come to the rescue.

Yang Kai slowly put away his Azure Dragon Spear. When he was targeted by the Black Ink Disciple’s aura earlier, he was flustered at first, but at this moment, he had regained his composure.

Since he had been locked onto by the Black Ink Disciple’s aura, there was no way he could use Instantaneous Movement as the moment he manipulated Space Principles, the other party could disturb the Void and force him to remain.

It was unrealistic to rely on the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master to save him either. Even though he was nearest to Yang Kai and he had immediately come to the rescue, he wasn’t as fast as the Black Ink Disciple. The Black Ink Disciple would most likely kill Yang Kai before the Eighth-Order Division Commander arrived.

In such a critical situation, Yang Kai could only save himself.

The average Seventh-Order Master would be doomed if he was targeted by such an enemy; however, Yang Kai believed that he could survive. After all, he possessed a powerful Dragon Vein, so his body was much sturdier than the average Seventh-Order Human.

The other party might not achieve his goal if he underestimated Yang Kai.

Seeing that Yang Kai didn’t move away, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao widened her eyes. With that said, she knew that Yang Kai probably wasn’t able to escape, so she could only quicken her speed. For that reason, she even started burning her Blood Essence so that she could intercept the Black Ink Disciple before he made a move.

The Black Ink Disciple had clearly detected the Old Ancestor’s aura surge from behind, but he remained unfazed. The bright sword light left a trail in the void as he crossed a million kilometres in the blink of an eye. His speed wasn’t any slower than Yang Kai’s Instantaneous Movement.

Although Yang Kai didn’t seem to move a muscle at all, he activated his Dragon Vein the instant he felt the sword light prickling his skin.

His Dragon Vein undulated in his body like a surging ocean as thick Dragon Scales appeared and covered his entire figure, including his face.

He was ready to use his Ancient Dragon Form to fend off the attack.

By doing so, his defence would be much stronger than in his Human Form. The other party wasn’t at their peak, so he might not be able to kill Yang Kai with one slash.

As long as Yang Kai could survive the initial hit, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao could intercept the Black Ink Disciple and kill him.

Just as Yang Kai was preparing to transform into an Ancient Dragon, his eyes flashed all of a sudden. He gave up on his original plan and slowly pushed out his fist.

The attack was slow and seemingly light. Even a three-year-old kid could dodge such a blow with ease, but the instant he extended his fist, Space Principles undulated violently together with his World Force.

Cow Punch!

If the other party was a Royal Lord, Yang Kai might not have had any way to fight back; however, since this person was a Black Ink Disciple, he didn’t mind giving him an unpleasant surprise.

Since he developed his Cow Punch Secret Technique, it had helped Yang Kai against many opponents in higher realms, allowing him to defeat enemies who were much stronger than he was. When he was still a Sixth-Order Master back then, he was able to deal with Blood Crow in the Shattered Heaven. Outside of Great Evolution Pass a while back, he was even able to defeat an Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple. It was all thanks to his Cow Punch Secret Technique.

Although Cow Punch was incredibly effective, it had a serious constraint. It would take Yang Kai a long time to trace the other party’s aura back to its source, and the length of time was uncertain, depending on the integrity of the enemy’s Small Universe. If their Small Universe was sturdy and well-guarded, Yang Kai would probably die before he had a chance to use this Secret Technique.

With that said, he hadn’t come across an opponent with a Small Universe who could make him unable to use Cow Punch so far.

Regardless of how robust an Open Heaven Realm Master’s Small Universe was, they had to draw out World Force in order to attack, defend, or even move. For that reason, Yang Kai would always have a chance to trace the opponent’s power back to its source.

When the Black Ink Disciple made a move just now, Yang Kai instantly realised he was able to trace the opponent’s World Force back to his Small Universe with ease.

This came as a shock to him and was the reason he gave up on his original plan and decided to use Cow Punch instead.

He wasn’t sure if this Secret Technique was effective on a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple, but he wasn’t willing to just wait for death or bet everything on not dying to the other party’s attack.

It wouldn’t have mattered if there wasn’t a chance, but since the chance had presented itself, he had to fight back even if he might lose his life. Since time immemorial, countless Humans on the Black Ink Battlefield had sacrificed their lives to prevent the 3,000 Worlds from being destroyed.

That was also the reason Yang Kai didn’t immediately turn into an Ancient Dragon. Although his defence would be stronger being an Ancient Dragon, it would be harder for him to use his Cow Punch.

Only in his familiar Human Form could he fully unleash this Secret Technique’s power.

The next instant, Yang Kai’s entire figure shook as all his Dragon Scales fell apart and half of his body turned numb. Following that, he felt a sharp pain in his Knowledge Sea. At the same time, his Small Universe was cut across by an immense force.

A huge crack instantly appeared above the sky in his Small Universe.

At that instant, Yang Kai’s body, Soul, and Small Universe were struck at the same time.

There was no denying that the Black Ink Disciple’s attack was horrifying.

Yang Kai really felt like he was dying. His mind was a mess, his vision had turned dark, and he couldn’t even support his own weight.

He was no longer able to perceive the outside world or even his Small Universe’s condition.

This was a terrible feeling he had gone through before.

He couldn’t help but recall the moment when his body was destroyed by Great Demon God Mo Sheng back in the Star Boundary.

That was the exact feeling that he was going through at that moment.