Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5373, Death

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai was ‘killed’ in the final battle against the Great Demon God Mo Sheng. It was thanks to the Immortal Tree that he was able to rebuild his body and return from the dead.

If he was killed this time though, there wouldn’t be another Immortal Tree for him to refine. He would be gone for good.

Right after he sent out his Cow Punch Secret Technique, the sword light that had slashed across him started shaking violently, as though it had been struck by an immense force. Following that, the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple separated from the sword light and collapsed.

At this moment, he sported a horrified expression. His World Force and his Black Ink Strength had become incredibly unstable.

Even the sarcomas on his body started swelling and exploded, causing the black pus to scatter everywhere.

His robust restorative power quickly healed the sarcomas, but they soon exploded again, creating a kind of gruesome cycle.

The Black Ink Disciple seemed to be going through excruciating pain.

A dark illusory phantom of his Small Universe appeared behind the Black Ink Disciple. As someone in the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm, there was no denying that his Small Universe was vast and magnificent. His ample World Force suggested that he indeed had the heritage of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm; however, his Small Universe seemed to be in chaos right now.

The entire Small Universe seemed to be enduring a violent storm and on the verge of collapse, with the balance of the Seven Elements in a complete mess.

Seeing that, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, who was rushing over to save Yang Kai, became startled.

The Humans and the Black Ink Clansmen around them were perplexed as well.

Soon, the cycle of the Five Elements in the Black Ink Disciple’s Small Universe broke with Yin and Yang descending into chaos.

“No!” The sarcomas on the Black Ink Disciple’s body continued to explode and his expression twisted in disbelief and despair. He couldn’t believe that instead of being killed by the Old Ancestor, or even an Eighth-Order powerhouse, his life was ended by a mere Seventh-Order brat’s punch.

If he knew this would be the outcome, he wouldn’t have sent himself to Hell. If he had run away the moment Mo Zhao passed away, he would have stood a chance to escape.

He blamed himself for being too greedy as he wanted to kill Yang Kai before he left.

While he roared in agony, the illusory phantom behind him could no longer remain stable. The entire Small Universe looked like a weathered shack with holes in the walls and roof out of which his abundant World Force and rich Black Ink Strength leaked.

As his strength dissipated and his aura plunged rapidly. In the blink of an eye, his aura dropped to the Eighth Order. Following that, he plunged to the Seventh Order, and then he was dead.

This person had made use of Black Ink Strength to break through his own innate limits and ascend to the Ninth Order; therefore, his Small Universe couldn’t actually bear Ninth-Order might. Once punctured, his Small Universe could not maintain integrity which caused his aura to drop to the Seventh Order before the extreme stress finally caused a complete collapse.

His body dried up, and all his vitality faded. He was originally a powerful Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple, but he had turned into a desiccated corpse in a short moment.

The Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple could not be more dead.

A tremendous force swept across the place as Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao swiftly arrived in front of the dazed Yang Kai. She waved her hand and fended off all the repercussions for him.

The Eighth-Order Division Commander, who was ready to assist, was still dumbstruck, unable to believe his eyes. [What did I just see? Did Yang Kai casually throw out his fist and kill a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple?]

Although the person was a Black Ink Disciple, he was still a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, not a First-Order or Second-Order one.

Even if the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master had been the target of such a Master instead, he wouldn’t have been able to counterattack. How did Yang Kai, a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, achieve this?

Was it because the Black Ink Disciple was on his last legs? It didn’t seem like that was the case as his imposing attack earlier suggested that he still had the strength to fight.

Although the Black Ink Disciple was clearly badly wounded, no one could underestimate his power, so how did Yang Kai manage to kill him?

Unable to figure out the reason behind it, this Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master fell into a daze.

On the other hand, after giving it some thought, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao soon realised what had happened. In fact, she too was astonished to see Yang Kai killing a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple with just a light punch. Nevertheless, she soon understood the whole chain of events.

Previously, the Black Ink Disciple made a move to kill some Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters following Mo Zhao’s order. Unfortunately, the Humans already had some arrangements. Five Eighth-Order Masters appeared from their hiding place and joined forces with an injured Eighth-Order Division Commander to engage in a life-and-death battle with the Black Ink Disciple.

During the intense battle, the Black Ink Disciple managed to kill an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, and after Mo Zhao’s death, he killed another one while attempting to flee.

In other words, two Eighth-Order Masters had lost their lives because of him.

Despite just breaking through to the Ninth Order, this Black Ink Disciple was able to fight with six Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters on his own and even killed two of them in a short time, which went to show how powerful he was.

With that said, he had to pay a huge price for these results and was badly wounded during the fight.

The second Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master who passed away had even burned his Blood Essence to stop him from fleeing. Even though the Black Ink Disciple killed him on the spot, he was still held down for a moment, which gave Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao a chance to hit him with her palm strike from a distance, causing him to spit blood.

That palm strike wasn’t just an ordinary attack though; it was a Secret Technique that targeted an enemy’s Small Universe.

All the Cave Heavens and Paradises had at least one such Secret Technique that had varying degrees of effect. The fundamental source of an Open Heaven Realm Master’s power was their Small Universe, so these sorts of Secret Techniques were extremely powerful. If one’s Small Universe wasn’t sturdy enough, it would most likely be shaken if hit by such a technique, not to mention it was Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao who had acted this time.

This kind of Secret Technique was useless on Mo Zhao as the Black Ink Clan physiology was different from that of Humans. They didn’t have Small Universes, so the Secret Technique was harmless to them.

However, when dealing with a Black Ink Disciple, this type of Secret Technique was especially lethal.

The Old Ancestor’s attack had caused the Black Ink Disciple’s Small Universe to descend into chaos and brought it to the brink of collapse.

While running away, the Black Ink Disciple made a move to attack Yang Kai with his sword light, but it never crossed his mind that Yang Kai would seize the chance and use his Cow Punch.

It could be said that without the Old Ancestor’s attack which broke holes in the Black Ink Disciple’s Small Universe, Yang Kai couldn’t have immediately found an opening to strike at.

Yang Kai had developed Cow Punch based on his mastery over the Dao of Space and it was the very pinnacle of Secret Techniques that targeted an enemy’s Small Universe, superior to any technique the Cave Heavens and Paradises possessed.

His all-out attack was just enough to be the last straw that broke the camel’s back.

Of course, it also had something to do with the fact that the other party was a Black Ink Disciple.

If the other party had been a true Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, with a firm and robust Small Universe, Yang Kai wouldn’t be able to kill him even if he managed to land his Cow Punch.

It could be said that many reasons and coincidences came together to allow a Seventh-Order Master like Yang Kai to kill a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple.

However, at this moment, Yang Kai didn’t even know what he had done. His mind was still a mess, and the Sword Qi was still eating away at his body and Soul.

It was only a while later that the Sword Qi was dispersed from his Soul, allowing Yang Kai to regain his senses, though his head was in so much pain that he felt like he was dying.

At the most critical moment, the Soul Warming Lotus had once again saved him from certain death.

All of a sudden, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was heard announcing, “Yang Kai has killed the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple! The Black Ink Clan is destined to die!”

It wasn’t that the Old Ancestor wanted to give him credit by proclaiming his contribution at this point, she just wanted to shatter what remained of the Black Ink Clan’s morale. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Mo Zhao and the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple were dead, so the Black Ink Clan was leaderless and unable to resist the Humans any longer.

After Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao made the announcement, she tossed Yang Kai at the Eighth-Order Division Commander and ordered, “Send him back to the Pass.”

The next instant, she charged towards the Old Turtles.

The Old Turtle Squad had sealed off a large area of void through their Warship’s unique Arrays, but given the Old Ancestor’s eyesight, she could clearly see the situation within.

At this moment, 10 Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters from the Old Turtles were locked in an intense battle with a Territory Lord with support from the rest of their Squad, but all of them were injured. Of course, the Territory Lord wasn’t in good shape either.

It had come to a point where there was no turning back for both parties, unless the Old Turtles were willing to open up the barrier.

Since they had no idea what was going on in the outside world, they wouldn’t dare to open up the barrier. There were bound to be some people who would lose their lives soon.

The moment Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao arrived, she extended her hands and tore the barrier apart. As her World Force surged, she condensed a giant hand from it and grasped the Territory Lord before clenching her fist.

All of the wounded Territory Lord’s bones were crushed in an instant, leaving him more than half-dead.

Having done enough, the Old Ancestor tossed the barely breathing Territory Lord to the Old Turtles before flying towards her next target.

Now that both the Royal Lord and the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple were dead, there was no one capable of matching her on the battlefield. It was the best time for her to deal the death blow to the remaining Black Ink Clansmen.

Chai Fang and his Squad members were going all out and were prepared to sacrifice themselves to kill the Territory Lord when their opponent was suddenly crippled by the Old Ancestor. After a moment of astonishment, they broke into a state of ecstasy, “The Old Ancestor is peerless! The Old Ancestor is the most powerful!”

All the Old Turtle Squad members started cheering as their morale soared.

Since the Old Ancestor had arrived to lend them a hand, it was apparent that the Royal Lord was dead. Previously, they had been tangled up in a battle with the Territory Lord within the barrier, so they were unaware of what was going on in the outside world.

While they were shouting, Chai Fang pushed out his fist and smashed the Territory Lord to pieces. The opponent’s vitality soon dissipated. He was really dead now.

Chai Fang guffawed, for he had also killed a Territory Lord now.

He had been envious of Yang Kai who had killed Territory Lords before; however, being less powerful, he was unable to replicate this feat. Therefore, he was ecstatic about having his wish granted now.

Although it was largely thanks to the Old Ancestor’s help, he was the one who dealt the final blow.

All the Old Turtles were elated as well.

On the other hand, Yang Kai was still in a dazed state. First of all, he had become sluggish after he was badly wounded. Secondly, he was astounded by the Old Ancestor’s words earlier.

He silently digested it and turned to look at the Eighth-Order Master, who had been supporting his weight and bringing him to Great Evolution Pass, “Old Liu, what did the Old Ancestor say just now?”

He suspected that he had misheard it. Was he really the one who killed the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple?

Silavin: original title – Killing the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple