Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5374, A Frustrated Cha Pu

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There were only several dozen Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Great Evolution Pass, so Yang Kai could recognise all of them. Therefore, he was grateful that this Eighth-Order Master had immediately tried to come to his rescue earlier, even though the latter didn’t manage to arrive in time.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master surnamed Liu smiled, “Don’t you know what you did?”

Yang Kai thought that he certainly knew that, but he had no idea what happened after he pushed out his fist. He thought he was dead, so it surprised him that he had survived; moreover, he was astounded by the Old Ancestor’s words.

Both nervous and expectant, he asked, “Old Liu, did I really kill the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple?”

Old Liu chuckled, “It’s a lot of Military Merits. Why would the Old Ancestor joke about it? Yes, you killed the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple with a punch!” CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Yang Kai gulped, [I’ve killed someone in the Ninth Order with a punch!?]

Even though the Ninth-Order Master was a Black Ink Disciple and severely wounded, he was still an extremely powerful being.

Yang Kai still couldn’t believe that he had ended the life of someone in the Ninth Order.

Since his arrival at the Black Ink Battlefield, he had killed quite a number of Territory Lords; however, he didn’t even have the qualifications to stand before Masters like the Royal Lords or a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple. But now, he had managed to kill an enemy in the Ninth Order.

Yang Kai grinned as he wanted to guffaw, but his action irritated his wounds, especially the one on his abdomen which was caused by the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple. Golden Blood spurt from various places all over his body.

Old Liu took a look at the sword wound and said, “Recuperate with peace of mind when you go back to Great Evolution Pass. It might be difficult to treat your wound.”

After all, it was an attack from someone in the Ninth Order. At this moment, there was a big cut that ran from Yang Kai’s shoulder to his abdomen. His flesh had rolled up, which revealed the golden bones in his body.

Horrifying Sword Qi still lingered around the cut and eroded his flesh.

Despite having incredible restorative abilities as a 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon, this wound wouldn’t just heal by itself like most others.

Beyond just the visible wound, there were a lot of hidden injuries as well. In fact, Old Liu was surprised that Yang Kai had survived the attack at all.

As they spoke, they arrived at Great Evolution Pass. The barrier opened up, and Old Liu set him down on the wall as the soldiers in the Pass watched them with admiration and respect. Old Liu said with a smile, “Get some rest and watch us kill all those bastards.”

Young people like Yang Kai had done a lot, so the older generation couldn’t fall behind on the battlefield.

After finishing his words, Old Liu returned to the fight.

It was a shame that he was unable to fight until the end of the war, but the joy of killing a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple soothed his dejectedness.

Soon, Yang Kai managed to figure out how the Black Ink Disciple died. The Black Ink Disciple really could only blame himself for being unlucky. He had made the wrong decision by targeting Yang Kai instead of just fleeing. In fact, he would have dealt significant damage had he just set his eyes on the Eighth-Order Masters instead.

Then, Yang Kai turned to look at the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master beside him and smiled modestly. After a nod, he called out, “Senior Cha.”

The person seated beside him was none other than Cha Pu.

When the Division Commander saw Yang Kai’s expression, the corners of his brow twitched as he muttered, “Just laugh to your heart’s content if you want.”

While Yang Kai was still drowned in the joy of killing a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple, this Division Commander was understandably frustrated.

This couldn’t be helped, as he had hardly participated in this final battle.

As a veteran Eighth-Order Master, he should have been charging around the battlefield and slaughtering the enemy instead of nursing his wounds inside Great Evolution Pass.

However, there was nothing he could do. Just like Yang Kai, he had lost the strength to fight.

Previously, when the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters simultaneously used the Evil Purging Divine Spears, he had done the same. However, he didn’t manage to achieve anything because his opponent was the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple.

At that time, Cha Pu thought that the other party was unusually powerful as the latter was able to dodge the Evil Purging Divine Spear, but he didn’t read too much into it. It wasn’t until the other party revealed his Ninth-Order aura that Cha Pu realised why he felt a sense of incongruity.

Fortunately, the Black Ink Disciple’s target was the Old Ancestor, so the moment he flared up, his attack was aimed at the Old Ancestor. Despite that, Cha Pu was still wounded and almost lost his life.

It was thanks to Yang Kai who arrived just in time and saved him from the calamity before sending him back to Great Evolution Pass that he was still alive.

After that, to launch a sneak attack on Che Kong, Cha Pu forcefully suppressed his injuries and made a move. Unfortunately, this exasperated his wounds and he was forced to withdraw. After the enemy was killed by Yang Kai, Cha Pu could only drag himself back to Great Evolution Pass and recuperate.

In other words, he hadn’t killed a single Territory Lord in the entire battle.

He was one of the most powerful and experienced Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters who had made tremendous contributions in the previous wars; however, things just didn’t go well for him this time.

It wouldn’t have mattered if there was no comparison, but after Yang Kai made such huge contributions, it was expected that Cha Pu was frustrated. He would rather have been killed on the battlefield than been forced to sit idly here and watch.

“Senior Cha…”

“Don’t!”

Yang Kai was rendered speechless.

It seemed that Cha Pu was in a terrible mood. Yang Kai initially wanted to ask him about his injury, but he could only keep his mouth shut now.

Yang Kai then turned his head and saw that the Black Ink Clansmen were thoroughly routed now. All the Territory Lords and Feudal Lords were running for their lives and wherever the Old Ancestor went, she slaughtered all the enemies around her. Even the Territory Lords were dying at a steady rate.

There was no doubt that the Humans had won the war.

The Human Race was victorious!

Now, they just had to mop up the rest. There were still about 300,000 Black Ink Clan soldiers, including a number of Territory Lords and Feudal Lords. Hence, it wouldn’t be easy to wipe them all out and it was likely that some of them would manage to flee.

It was difficult for the Humans to chase after them. After such a prolonged fight, while many Black Ink Clansmen had lost their lives, the Humans had suffered immense losses as well. Those who survived were all soaked in blood and thoroughly exhausted.

Now, the Humans could only seize the chance to kill as many enemies as possible.

Yang Kai saw Dawn, the Profound Wind Squad, several powerful Army Commanders, and a lot of other familiar faces.

However, Huang Si Niang was nowhere to be found. The Territory Lord who had dealt with her was missing as well. It wasn’t certain if he had been killed or had run away.

[Was her Soul Clone destroyed?]

Yang Kai couldn’t help but feel apologetic. In order to shake off the Territory Lord a while ago, he summoned Huang Si Niang’s Soul Clone using her feather. However, the Soul Clone’s power was only equivalent to a peak Seventh-Order Master. She had done a great job holding that Territory Lord back, but it was expected that her Soul Clone would not have survived.

Yang Kai wondered if the destruction of the Soul Clone would have any impact on Huang Si Niang’s true body. It seemed he would have to head to the No-Return Pass and apologise to her when the dust settled.

After letting out a breath, he set himself at ease. It had taken the Humans a lot of effort to come to this point.

Countless millennia had passed with the Humans enduring hardship all this time, devising plans and seeking an opportunity to act. Today, they finally managed to completely uproot the Black Ink Clan from an entire Theatre.

After this great war, everything should come to an end on the Black Ink Battlefield. The soldiers from the Great Passes could return to the 3,000 Worlds. None of them had returned to their homes for far too long. Perhaps many of them had even forgotten about what the 3,000 Worlds looked like.

After pulling himself together, Yang Kai started examining himself. There was a big cut that ran from his shoulder to his abdomen. Sword Qi was seen swirling around the horrifying wound.

His Soul had been damaged as well. To kill Che Kong, Yang Kai clashed with the other party using his Divine Sense and injured himself. After that, the Black Ink Disciple’s slash exacerbated the injury in his Soul.

His Small Universe was affected as well. Upon examination, Yang Kai realised there was a terrifying crack above the sky in his Small Universe.

Yang Kai was horrified at the sight.

One had to know that there was a World Tree clone, which was more powerful than the Four Universe Pillars, in his Small Universe. With the World Tree clone’s protection, his Small Universe had always remained impenetrable with even attacks from Territory Lords not being able to shake it.

If not for the fact that he felt assured with the World Tree clone in possession, he wouldn’t have dared to raise so many living creatures in his Small Universe.

Nevertheless, one attack from the Black Ink Disciple left a gash running across the entire length of his Small Universe, manifesting itself as a huge crack in the sky. It went to show how devastating that slash was.

Yang Kai reckoned that if not for the World Tree clone’s presence, his Small Universe would have been cleaved in two.

The enemy’s slash injured Yang Kai’s body, Soul, and Small Universe all at once.

The average cultivator would have died after suffering such an attack. Even an Eighth-Order Master would have been doomed.

However, this kind of injury didn’t really matter to Yang Kai.

There was no denying that his body was horribly wounded, but as long as he could get rid of the Sword Qi gnashing at his flesh, his Dragon Vein would eventually restore the rest of the damage.

As for his Soul, Yang Kai didn’t even bother thinking about it, for the Soul Warming Lotus was already beginning to ease his pain and mend the damage.

As for the huge crack in the Small Universe, it was already closing slowly.

The World Tree clone was extremely powerful. The reason Yang Kai’s Small Universe was broken was that he wasn’t strong enough; there was no problem with the clone.

With the clone’s presence, it was just a matter of time before the crack healed.

It could be said that these injuries, which would be fatal to any Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, didn’t matter to Yang Kai.

After he was done with the examination, he realised that he just had to get rid of the Sword Qi and the damage would heal on its own.

Then, he gave it a try and became dejected, for he realised that he was unable to get rid of the powerful Sword Qi on his own.

Now, he couldn’t even restore his body. Left with no choice, he could only wait for the Old Ancestor’s return so he could ask for her help.

At the thought of this, Yang Kai stopped trying and just sat on the wall and watched the unfolding battle.

Noticing his movement, Cha Pu turned around and saw Yang Kai looking all battered. His flesh had rolled up, and his Golden Blood continued to leak out of his wound. However, he still stared fixedly at the battlefield as though he was just bored.

Cha Pu felt speechless as he wondered why this Brat was still in the mood to watch the fight instead of recuperating.

Silavin: First chapter of the Year!