Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5376, Entering the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After wandering around the battlefield for a while, Yang Kai arrived somewhere near the Royal City.

The Royal City had been around for several hundreds of thousands of years. It could be said to be the foundation of the Black Ink Clan in the Great Evolution Theatre. But now, the Universe World where the Royal City was located had shattered, and the city itself was ruined.

The gigantic Black Ink Nests had either fallen to the ground or been destroyed. Only a small number of them were intact.

There wasn’t a hint of vitality in the Universe World where the Royal City was located.

The Black Ink Clan had lost the war, and those who had survived were running for their lives now. The large Royal City was completely empty and desolate.

Yang Kai didn’t even spare a glance at those surviving Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests and instead headed straight to the High-Rank Black Ink Nest.

He initially thought he had smashed this Black Ink Nest with his strike, but the truth was that it wasn’t completely destroyed.

That was because there were still some remaining Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests. If the High-Rank Black Ink Nest had been completely destroyed, these Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests would have withered as well.

Once the higher rank Black Ink Nest was destroyed, the lower rank Black Ink Nests would die as a chain reaction.

Although the High-Rank Black Ink Nest had collapsed to the floor, it was still a magnificent sight to behold.

Yang Kai stared silently at the damaged Black Ink Nest for a while. As an idea flashed across his mind, he stepped forward. Soon, he found the entrance and entered.

Following that, he could feel an immense force surging within the flesh walls of the Black Ink Nest. It was imaginable that the Royal Lord must have stored a huge amount of power in this Black Ink Nest so that he could draw energy from it at any moment while dealing with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao.

If not for the fact that Yang Kai had damaged this Black Ink Nest, it wouldn’t have been so easy for Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao to kill the Royal Lord.

Now, the power stored in this Black Ink Nest was no longer useful. Since the Royal Lord was dead, who else could make use of it?

It certainly was useless to the Humans.

[How wasteful!] Yang Kai thought. He wondered how many resources had the Black Ink Clan wasted to build up the energy reserves in this place. Those resources could have greatly benefited the Human soldiers.

Since the Black Ink Nest had collapsed, it wasn’t easy to move around the passageways as many places had been blocked. With that said, it took Yang Kai little effort to clear the way forward.

Soon, he arrived at the Black Ink Pool.

If a Black Ink Pool inside the Low-Rank Black Ink Nest was like a puddle, then a Black Ink Pool inside a Mid-Rank Black Ink Nest was like a pond. On the other hand, the Black Ink Pool inside the High-Rank Black Ink Nest was like a lake.

Many sarcomas that nurtured new Black Ink Clansmen were squirming on the flesh walls, like they would hatch at any moment.

Yang Kai wasn’t bothered at all. Even if these Black Ink Clansmen were born, they would be extremely weak and pose no threat to the Humans. Any Open Heaven Realm Master could easily kill them.

He wanted to look for the Black Ink Nest’s centre and make use of it to find out what was going on in other Theatres.

The Humans had routed the Black Ink Clan in the Great Evolution Theatre, but no one knew what was going on in the other Theatres. Although the Humans had made a lot of preparations for this final battle and the Evil Purging Divine Spears were finally revealed, the battlefield was an ever-changing environment. Before there was any verified news, no one could guarantee the Humans had gained the upper hand on every battlefield.

Certainly, there was transmission of information between the Great Passes, but that was the communication between the Humans.

Yang Kai wanted to find out what the Black Ink Clansmen were talking about so that he could have a clearer picture of the situations in the different Theatres.

Perhaps he could gather some useful information by making use of the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest.

At this moment, he was glad that he never decided to completely destroy the Black Ink Nest during the battle; otherwise, he wouldn’t have such an opportunity now.

Soon, he found the Black Ink Nest’s centre. As the Black Ink Strength undulated, Yang Kai selected a spot and sat down with his legs crossed.

Although he had entered the Spaces of Low-Rank and Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests on several occasions, it was the first time he had done such a thing in a High-Rank Black Ink Nest.

In fact, there wasn’t any difference. He just had to open his Small Universe and let the Black Ink Nest absorb his World Force. With the World Force as a bridge, he could connect to the Black Ink Nest’s consciousness.

The next instant, Yang Kai found himself inside a huge space.

He didn’t reveal his Soul Avatar. He was a Human after all, so his Soul Avatar would be quite conspicuous. In this place where everyone was a Black Ink Clansman, his identity might be exposed.

At this moment, his consciousness looked like a kind of cloud. This type of form wasn’t peculiar as many Black Ink Clansmen existed in similar shapes in the space that connected the Black Ink Nests.

The instant Yang Kai entered this space, he felt the chaotic fluctuations of Divine Senses all around him. At the same time, he could read a lot of messages.

“The Humans have gone all out this time! They have developed an artifact that emits a very pure light that can restrict Black Ink Strength. The Territory Lords under Mo Bu Royal Lord have suffered immense losses.”

“We need help in the Xuan Yuan Theatre. Many of the soldiers are dead. Can any Royal Lord lend us assistance?”

“The Humans have arrived at the Royal City. We might lose it at this rate…”

“The Humans have gone mad! They’ve even driven their Great Pass to this place. The Azure Nether Theatre is at risk of falling…”

…..

As the Divine Senses communicated in this space, they revealed the fact that the Black Ink Clan was in a state of despair. Most of the Divine Senses were flustered and it was apparent that the Black Ink Clan were in perilous situations in various different Theatres. Numerous Royal Cities even seemed to be on the verge of destruction.

Only a small number of Divine Senses remained calm and collected; however, affected by the atmosphere, they still appeared a little uneasy.

The Humans’ stance was clear; they would either win this war or die trying.

With the help of the Great Passes and the Evil Purging Divine Spears, and coupled with the advantage they had accumulated over the past several hundred years, the Humans marched forward in these Theatres and rendered the Black Ink Clan powerless to counterattack.

The Evil Purging Divine Spears had been widely employed, causing a large number of Feudal Lords and Territory Lords to lose their lives. Without the Feudal Lords and the Territory Lords to take charge, the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could let loose. As long as they managed to gain the upper hand on the battlefield, they could assist the Old Ancestors and join forces to deal with other Territory Lords. They could also try to destroy the High-Rank Black Ink Nests to cripple the enemy forces.

On the battlefield, one party could gain the upper hand by achieving a breakthrough, and the Humans had found a way to do that.

Therefore, the Black Ink Clan was in danger in every Theatre. In the weaker Theatres, the Royal Cities were on the brink of being occupied, so they had no choice but to ask for help.

However, at this point, none of the Theatres could lend a hand to other places, for they couldn’t even save themselves.

Even if they still had the power to offer help, it was unrealistic to do so as there was a long distance between the Theatres.

These pieces of bad news were like music to Yang Kai’s ears. Even though there was some transmission of information between the Great Passes and the higher-ups in Great Evolution Theatre must be aware of what was going on in the other Theatres, such information was still restricted for now.

Therefore, when Yang Kai found out about such information in this Black Ink Nest Space, he was thrilled.

The Humans were on the winning side!

These flustered Divine Senses continued to share distressing news in this space that connected the Black Ink Nests, filling the atmosphere with a sense of despair.

Yang Kai was secretly pleased. The Black Ink Clan had suppressed the Humans for millennia and repeatedly invaded their Great Passes. Now, they finally had a taste of their own medicine. It seemed that the Humans were bound for victory.

However, there was no news of any Royal City being conquered or any Royal Lord being killed so far.

It seemed that the progress in Great Evolution Theatre was the quickest.

It wasn’t hard to figure out the reasons behind this. When the Great Evolution Army re-took Great Evolution Pass 200 years ago, they had managed to significantly weaken the Black Ink Clan. To achieve that goal, they had lost almost 40% of their forces.

At that time, many Territory Lords had lost their lives, and even the Royal Lord was severely wounded.

200 years had passed, but the Black Ink Clan in Great Evolution Theatre still hadn’t restored their foundation when the Humans arrived with Great Evolution Pass and launched an all-out assault.

In such a situation, it was only natural that the Black Ink Clan in Great Evolution Theatre would be the first to fall.

Although the progress was slower in other Theatres, it shouldn’t be too difficult for them to win. Everything depended on their own powers to make contributions that were similar to those in Great Evolution Theatre.

Yang Kai wondered how these Black Ink Clansmen would react if he shouted that Mo Zhao was dead at this point.

While he was pondering on this though, he suddenly noticed something and shifted his attention to another place in the vast space.

When he entered this space earlier, he was drawn to those chaotic Divine Senses, so he never paid attention to the silent side. As he looked intently now, an odd feeling rose within him.

There were more than 20 Soul Avatars that remained completely silent over there. They were not flustered or worried at all. These 20-plus Soul Avatars were so quiet that it was as though they were sleeping, a stark contrast to the Soul Avatars who were actively exchanging information with their Divine Senses.

It was because of their silence that Yang Kai didn’t immediately notice them.

This Black Ink Nest Space seemed to have been divided into two parts.

On one side, there were these anxious Soul Avatars who were spreading information and asking for help. On the other hand, there were those eerily silent Soul Avatars.

The moment Yang Kai noticed them, he felt his chest tightening as a feeling of incongruity rose within him.

The next instant, he realised why he had this feeling all of a sudden; the number wasn’t right. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

There were 108 Cave Heavens and Paradises in total. Every Cave Heaven or Paradise corresponded to a Theatre.

However, the actual number was fewer than that because the Dragon Clan’s Dragon Pool and the Phoenix Clan’s Phoenix Nest had occupied two places that belonged within the Cave Heavens.

Meanwhile, the two Clans stayed in the No-Return Pass.

In other words, there should be 106 Theatres on the Black Ink Battlefield.

Although Yang Kai hadn’t counted, he believed that there were over a hundred Soul Avatars, whose Divine Senses were communicating with each other, that had gathered together.

Since these Soul Avatars were able to enter this space, it meant that they had made use of a High-Rank Black Ink Nest in the respective Theatres.

The number of the Soul Avatars and the number of Theatres should have matched; however, what about these extra 20 or so Soul Avatars? Where were they from?