Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5380, Total Victory

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As such, it was natural for Blue Sky Theatre to be the second to destroy the Black Ink Clan after their counterparts in the Great Evolution Theatre.

It was also understandable that those from Azure Void Pass and Wind and Cloud Pass could also pull off similar feats immediately after them. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

When the Great Evolution Army was founded some 300 years ago, they initially departed from these two Great Passes. The Great Evolution Army had participated in the wars against the Black Ink Clan in those Theatres before they set out towards Great Evolution Pass.

At that time, there were respectively 60,000 soldiers and more than 200 Eighth-Order Masters in those two Great Passes. During those wars, they managed to deal severe damage to the Black Ink Clan forces and kill a large number of Territory Lords.

It could be said that the Black Ink Clan in the Azure Void Theatre and Wind and Cloud Theatre had suffered immense losses at that time which laid the foundation for their victory today.

More and more good news arrived from the other Great Passes, and of course, Great Evolution Pass wasn’t the only receiver of such good news. The Great Passes would spread the news to other places upon receiving the information.

After Great Evolution Pass won their war a while back, they immediately sent the news to other Great Passes in the vicinity so that they could boost the Human soldiers’ morale. That way, the Human soldiers in the different Theatres would be increasingly assertive.

10 days after the dust settled in Great Evolution Theatre, over 10 Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters from Great Evolution Pass were deployed to other Theatres where the Humans were in deadlocks with the enemies to provide assistance.

It wasn’t smooth sailing for all the Theatres like in the Great Evolution Theatre. In some of the Theatres, the Black Ink Clan had ample heritage, so it wasn’t easy for the Humans to win the war.

With that said, those leading the Armies had naturally made some arrangements for these Theatres.

They didn’t have to fight with the Black Ink Clan head-on; they just had to deal with them with patience and stall for time.

When victory was obtained in the other Theatres, there would be powerful Masters who could be sent as reinforcements. For example, those in Great Evolution Theatre had won their war fairly early on, so they were able to sent aid to those Theatres that were caught in stalemates.

A dozen or so Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters was a force to be reckoned with; moreover, many Seventh-Order Masters were carried along inside their Small Universes.

Although only a dozen or so Eighth-Order Masters were deployed from the Great Evolution Theatre, they were accompanied by some 200 Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Furthermore, this was just the support from Great Evolution Pass.

The other Great Passes from different victorious Theatres were able to help out as well. When the wars were settled in those Theatres, even more Human Masters would be free to render assistance in the Theatres where wars were still ongoing. This kind of support would only increase like a rolling snowball. How was the Black Ink Clan supposed to fend off the Humans under such circumstances?

As long as there were two or three Great Passes that could send reinforcements, any Theatre could easily break the stalemate they found themselves in.

This kind of large-scale support operation had never been seen before. At the very least, not before Yang Kai’s arrival at the Black Ink Battlefield.

Furthermore, the more powerful a person was, the more expensive it was to send him or her to another Great Pass through the Space Array.

Without any resources left, how were the Humans supposed to cultivate? How would they treat their wounds if they were injured? How would they repair the damaged Warships?

Therefore, even though the Humans had a method to send assistance to other Theatres, they were unable to do so due to the lack of resources.

But it was different now, for the Great Passes had all accumulated a massive amount of resources over the past few centuries. Moreover, they had acquired a lot of resources after conquering the Royal Cities. Therefore, they had sufficient resources to transfer people around freely.

The Humans’ plan was that they would support their neighbours whenever they could.

In simple terms, they would only try to support the Great Passes nearest to them. That was because the longer the distance was, the more resources would be required to power the Hyper Space Arrays. Although the Humans were not short on resources, it was not like they could easily squander them all away either.

As such, Great Evolution Pass only needed to send out a small number of people because the neighbouring Azure Void Pass and Wind and Cloud Pass had mostly destroyed the enemies, so help wasn’t really needed.

The Great Passes nearest to the Theatres where the Humans were in deadlocks with the enemies spared no effort to lend their counterparts a hand. As long as an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was still able to fight, they would be re-deployed as soon as possible.

Even some of the Old Ancestors headed to different Theatres to help out.

It was no different from a nightmare to the Black Ink Clan.

They were initially able to hold back the Humans and even counterattack in some Theatres, but with the sudden influx of Eighth-Order and Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, the situation instantly became treacherous. When the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors began appearing in other Theatres, the deadlocks instantly turned into massacres where the Black Ink Clansmen were slaughtered.

On the other hand, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao remained in Great Evolution Pass.

The information Yang Kai had discovered in the Black Ink Nest Space made her feel a little uneasy, so she didn’t dare to leave this place at this point. She was worried that something terrible would happen in the Great Evolution Theatre if she wasn’t around.

Furthermore, she had been forced to overexert herself in order to kill Mo Zhao as quickly as possible, so she had suffered some serious injuries as well.

This went to show that it wasn’t easy to kill a Royal Lord no matter the condition they were in. Mo Zhao had never managed to heal from his wounds over the years while Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was at peak strength, but it still took her a great deal of effort to swiftly kill the enemy. It was expected that it was even harder for the other Old Ancestors in the Theatres where the Royal Lords were perfectly healthy.

Yang Kai didn’t leave the Great Evolution Theatre either. It wasn’t that he wasn’t willing to lend a hand, but rather he couldn’t.

When they came up with a list of people that would be sent to other Theatres, Yang Kai ranked first among the Seventh-Order Masters because he was far more powerful than those in the same Order and was even able to fight with Territory Lords after transforming into an Ancient Dragon. No one would neglect him.

If he was sent to another Theatre, he would prove to be just as useful as an Eighth-Order Master.

However, when Xiang Shan tried to keep him inside his Small Universe, he realised he was unable to do so. When he tried to forcefully do so, he realised that his Small Universe was on the brink of bursting.

It didn’t take long to figure out that because Yang Kai was so much more powerful than others in the same Order, with a Small Universe that was significantly bigger and heavier than an ordinary Seventh-Order Master’s, trying to carry him inside another’s Small Universe just wasn’t feasible.

Moreover, the damage to Yang Kai’s Soul hadn’t healed, and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao also needed him to remain so that he could help with her recuperation.

The wars in the other Theatres were still raging, while it was peaceful in Great Evolution Pass. The injured could finally get some rest and recuperate.

Yang Kai had spread out his Small Universe to help with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s recuperation while he tended to his own injuries.

The Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters responsible for guarding the Space Array meticulously informed everyone about the good news.

Initially, everyone was excited upon hearing each piece of good news, but as time passed, it became almost routine.

They had been preparing for centuries to deliver a fatal blow to the enemy, so it shouldn’t surprise them that they eventually won the war.

Along with a certain piece of good news, another piece of information was delivered. A Seventh-Order Master passed it to Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao without disclosing it to everyone.

Yang Kai didn’t ask her about it, nor did she intend to tell him. He believed that the information contained the number of casualties on the Humans’ side.

If they talked about Great Evolution Theatre alone, the casualty rate was quite shocking.

Before the crusade, there were some 40,000 soldiers and over 70 Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the Great Evolution Army.

But now, Yang Kai could only detect the auras of about 30,000 soldiers and fewer than 40 Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

If he included the dozen or so Eighth-Order Masters who had left to help other Great Passes, that was still only about 50. Where were the rest?

After the war, Yang Kai had scanned the battlefield and helped retrieve a number of corpses, so he knew the answer.

It could be said that the losses that the Great Evolution Army had suffered this time were just as great as what they had experienced 200 years ago.

When the Great Evolution Army was founded, there were 60,000 soldiers and 120 Eighth-Order Division Commanders. In just 300 to 400 years, half of them had perished in battle.

Even the Great Evolution Army, which had the finest arms and armaments as well as a huge advantage over the enemy, suffered such tremendous losses. The situations in other Theatres could only be worse.

More and more good news came from the other Theatres. The support system they had for each other proved to be useful.

Two months later, there came a moment when a familiar voice reverberated across the entire Great Evolution Pass again.

“The Humans have won the war in the Great Battle Theatre! The Royal Lord has fallen and all the Black Ink Clan soldiers were killed!”

…

As he ran around the Great Pass, he loudly announced this piece of good news to everyone.

Everyone in Great Evolution Pass started cheering again. All of them danced excitedly as howls of joy spread across the entire place.

In the Small Universe, Yang Kai let out a breath.

Even though he had already expected this day to come, he still couldn’t stop his ecstasy from rising within him when he heard about this particular piece of good news.

The reason these soldiers, who had been silent for quite a while, became excited again was that the Great Battle Theatre was the last place where the Humans were still fighting.

In the past two months, they had received good news from over 105 Theatres, with the latest report coming from the Luo Sheng Theatre three days ago.

Three days later, good news from the Great Battle Theatre arrived.

At this point, the Humans had gained total victory on the Black Ink Battlefield as they had occupied all the Theatres.

Furthermore, according to the good news, all the Black Ink Clansmen had been wiped out. It was a very rare statement as only three out of over 100 reports had used such wording.

It wasn’t easy to wipe out all the Black Ink Clansmen in a given Theatre. Even Great Evolution Pass was unable to achieve this.

The Great Battle Theatre was the last place where the Humans managed to achieve it. It certainly had something to do with the fact that they had a lot of reinforcements from the other Theatres. There was no way the Black Ink Clan could fend off hundreds of Eighth-Order and thousands of Seventh-Order Open Masters who arrived at the battlefield from different Great Passes.

Recalling something, Yang Kai turned to look at Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and asked, “Old Ancestor, you told me before that there were two Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and two Royal Lords in the Great Battle Theatre.”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao nodded, “It seems that one of them escaped.”

Only one Royal Lord was mentioned in the good news, so it was apparent that the other one had run away.

Doing a quick count, aside from the ones he had seen inside the Black Ink Nest Space, Yang Kai reckoned that about 50 to 60 Royal Lords had fled.

That was indeed a worrying number, for they were not Feudal Lords or Territory Lords. If those Royal Lords gathered together, no Great Pass would be a match for them.

In the past, they were in charge of their Royal Cities where they had many subordinates and their own Black Ink Nests to worry about, so they wouldn’t easily leave. In this way, the Human Old Ancestors were able to pin them down.

But now, their Royal Cities had been shattered, their Armies killed, and their Black Ink Nests destroyed. Even though they appeared to be in a sorry state, they had actually broken free from their restraints.

Now, they were able to move around freely.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but feel worried. Those surviving Royal Lords would surely prove to be a threat to the Human Race in the future.