Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5382, Unprecedented Battle

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There might be nothing in the Black Ink Nest Space, or they might be ambushed by more than 20 Royal Lords. Since the Human Race wanted to enter it to investigate the situation, they had to take appropriate precautions.

If only one or two Old Ancestors entered it, then it would be difficult for them to defend against the potential dangers.

Yang Kai was not sure how the Old Ancestors worked out the details, but when one’s cultivation had reached their realm, such trivial matters were naturally not difficult for them.

Yang Kai and Xiang Shan waited silently on the side.

It was only after half an hour or so that Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao suddenly opened her eyes.

The time had arrived!

In the next moment, her Small Universe opened up and World Force emerged and was swallowed by the Black Ink Nest.

Using her World Force as a bridge, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao mentally connected to the Black Ink Nest and instantly entered the Black Ink Nest Space.

At the same time, at the High-Rank Black Ink Nests in 21 other Theatres, 21 other Old Ancestors did the same.

In an instant, there were 22 more figures in the Black Ink Nest space.

The moment Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s Soul entered the Black Ink Nest Space, both Yang Kai and Xiang Shan’s expressions changed as they gasped.

This could not be helped as at that instant, both of them could not sense Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s Soul, as if it was completely annihilated.

Xiang Shan immediately coldly snorted, “The Black Ink Clan was prepared!”

Yang Kai also realized immediately and remarked, “The Black Ink Nest Space has been sealed!”

The last time his Soul Avatar was sealed in the Black Ink Nest Space, he was in such a state where his physical body was still alive but it contained no Soul. That frightened Ou Yang Lie, who was guarding him, as he thought something had happened to Yang Kai.

While he was trapped in that Black Ink Nest Space, Yang Kai was totally unaware of what happened in the outside world.

Now that he had seen what happened to Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, he immediately understood it was similar to his situation at that time.

Xiang Shan nodded solemnly, “Must be!”

The Old Ancestor had just entered, and the Black Ink Nest space had been closed off.

Since the Black Ink Clan had already anticipated this, it must be dangerous for the Old Ancestors to enter the Black Ink Nest Space.

However, they had to enter as there were too many uncertainties about the Black Ink Clan. If the Human Race wanted to find out more about the Black Ink Clan, they would have to take some risks.

Of course, the Old Ancestors had already deliberated about this before they decided to go in; otherwise, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao would not have borrowed the Soul Warming Lotus from Yang Kai in preparation.

Even though it was dangerous, they had to step forward.

Only by entering the Black Ink Nest Space could they tear off the veil of mystery that hid the Black Ink Clan.

Yang Kai’s brows furrowed. There was no way for others to help in this situation. The Old Ancestors had to rely on their own strength.

Meanwhile, inside the Black Ink Nest space.

Powerful Soul Avatars were revealed, 22 of them.

Naturally, these were the Ninth-Order Supreme Masters of the Human Race, and they revealed themselves almost at the same time.

However, before the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could investigate the situation, a fierce wave of Spiritual Energy rushed in from all directions.

Immediately after that, violent Soul attacks blasted towards the Old Ancestors like a tidal wave.

There was no fancy Soul Secret Techniques, it was just a simple brute force attack, similar to what Yang Kai previous did to Che Kong. This was the simplest, most direct, and brutal kind of Soul attack.

In an instant, the Old Ancestors’ Soul Avatars were enveloped by violent storms.

Muffled grunts could be heard and several Old Ancestor’s aura suddenly weakened.

[This is bad!]

Just by stepping into this place, several Old Ancestors Soul Avatars were already injured!

Soon, each of the Old Ancestors quickly summoned their defensive artifacts, to guard their Soul Avatars.

Soul-type artifacts were rare, and defensive Soul-type artifacts were even rarer. Nonetheless, they were all Old Ancestors, and had lived more than long enough to have acquired some rare artifacts.

In a flash, various forms of defensive artifacts blossomed with dazzling lights and enveloped the Old Ancestors’ Soul Avatars. The Soul attacks coming from all directions were instantly blocked, causing the light halos to ripple continuously.

“So many!”

Only now were the Old Ancestors able to check the situation here, but with one look, the Old Ancestors exclaimed, “There are too many!”

There were 50 Royal Lords gathered here! That was more than twice the number of Human Masters.

Or maybe it was not a mistake, but what Yang Kai saw at that time was not all the hidden Royal Lords the Black Ink Clan possessed!

This time, the Black Ink Clan sent more Royal Lords to ambush the Humans who entered to investigate the situation.

None of the Old Ancestors were fools, so they immediately understood the situation.

What’s more, the 50 they saw today, was that all there were? Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Perhaps, but then again, perhaps not.

Although they were taken by surprise, and some of their Soul Avatars were injured, the Old Ancestors did not panic. It could be said that before entering this place, everyone had already expected the worst.

What they now saw confirmed their previous suspicions.

The battle between the two Races was far from over. The Black Ink Clan still had a very powerful force lurking in the shadows. Although the Humans had won every war in all the various Theatres, that was only a surface victory.

Having realized this, the purpose of entering this space had been achieved.

22 against 50, that was a huge difference in numbers. Additionally, this was the enemy’s home turf! It was impossible to prevail in such a situation; thus, in just a blink of an eye, someone shouted, “Retreat!”

The next moment, someone said, “We can’t get out, the Space here has been sealed!”

Another Old Ancestor roared, “Then we break through it!”

Even if this Black Ink Nest Space was the domain of the Black Ink Clan’s Mother Nest, there had to be a limit.

When Yang Kai was trapped previously, it was only naturally that he couldn’t get out because he was nowhere near strong enough to forcefully break through the sealed space.

Now however, this place had 22 Human Old Ancestors. When unified, there was nothing in this World that could suppress and seal them.

This was also the reason why the Old Ancestors wanted to act together. Yang Kai’s last encounter in the Black Ink Nest Space made them wary. The Black Ink Clan seemed to be able to control the opening and closing of the Black Ink Nest Space, which they had planned for.

Not to mention, the 50 Royal Lords’ Soul attacks would also have a significant impact on this space.

Perhaps there were more Royal Lords in the Black Ink Clan, but even if there were, they likely did not dare to move; otherwise, this space may not be able to withstand the stress.

The Old Ancestors were all veterans of countless battles, so although the situation here was unexpected, and there were twice as many enemies as allies, they quickly stabilized their formation and gathered in one place. With their Soul defensive artifacts covering all sides and resisting attacks from all angles. Some Old Ancestors even used Soul Secret Techniques to counter-attack those Royal Lords.

At the same time, streams of light flashed into existence. Naturally it was the Old Ancestors summoning offensive artifacts and each one of them was very powerful.

More than seventy top Masters were now fighting inside this Black Ink Nest Space, causing it to begin to tremble.

“Presumptuous!” Some of the Old Ancestors coldly snorted.

The Black Ink Nest space was indeed powerful, able to seal the Souls of 72 Supreme Masters at once; however, it was now clearly shaking from the clash, which meant that it indeed had a limit.

If the space was still as stable as a rock under such circumstances, then it would be truly terrifying. If that was the case, then the Old Ancestors would have no hope of escaping.

However, now that the space was shaking, the Old Ancestors saw an opportunity.

Spiritual Energies exploded as the attacks came out one after another. The Soul defensive artifacts summoned by the Old Ancestors were extremely powerful, but they could not last long under such circumstances. The artifacts rapidly dimmed and began to shatter after just ten breaths of time.

Grunts sounded when their Soul Avatars were injured, but the situation was not that grave yet.

With one less defensive artifact, the Human defense became more precarious. When the second defensive artifact was about to be broken, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao shouted, “Gather around me!”

As soon as she yelled, a seven-coloured lotus flower suddenly emerged, which quickly expanded to hold all the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters on insides its petals.

Outside the lotus, a brilliant seven-coloured halo of light converged to form a sturdy barrier, stopping all of Royal Lord’s attacks.

“Is this that brat’s Soul Warming Lotus?” An Old Ancestor recognized the origin of the lotus and exclaimed, “A Supreme Treasures of the Universe is indeed extraordinary.”

The defensive artifacts that they summoned could not withstand the barrage of attacks from the Royal Lords for long, but this Soul Warming Lotus’ protection was unwavering, which showed how extraordinary it was.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao shouted, “Enough nonsense! Hurry up and kill them!”

What situation were they in for them to be marveling at this lotus? They were all Old Ancestors, yet they were acting like bumpkins that had not seen and explored the World yet.

The Old Ancestor who spoke smiled awkwardly. Suddenly, a mass of Spiritual Energy transformed into a fierce beast, leapt out of the lotus heart towards the opposite Royal Lord, and gave a huge bite. Although it was a quick burst, it managed to viciously tear into the Royal Lord’s Soul Avatar before it dissipated.

“Wastes! I dare you to fight one-on-one!” An Old Ancestor shouted with indignation.

In a one-on-one fight, the Old Ancestors were not afraid of these Royal Lords. Although the might of their Souls was basically the same, the Old Ancestors felt that they were still slightly stronger.

The key point, however, was that these Royal Lords were far too limited in their usage of Soul attacks, only able to wield their Spiritual Energy in a clumsy manner.

With how they were attacking, a fair amount of the strength of their Souls was simply being wasted.

The Old Ancestors were different as they had all practiced and polished their Secret Techniques in thousands of life-and-death clashes. They all had several handy artifacts as well. Given what power they had, each Old Ancestor was able to display far more combat efficiency than any of their enemies.

Thus, if they fought one-on-one, the Old Ancestors could certainly defeat these Royal Lords.

However, under such circumstances, why would the Royal Lord pay attention to that Old Ancestor roaring at them? They had the absolute numerical advantage, so they would naturally use it.

In this battle, the losing side had only one fate, death!

With twice the numbers on their side and the geographical advantage, the Royal Lords were certain of their victory. Since their entry into this space, the Humans were forced into the defensive, and could only counter-attack occasionally with negligible effects.

If Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had not borrowed Yang Kai’s Soul Warming Lotus, the situation would have been even worse.

However, the Soul Warming Lotus was not all-powerful. The seven-coloured light enveloping them was continuously weakened by the relentless impacts it faced, and once the protection of the Soul Warming Lotus was broken, then the Humans would no longer have the power to protect themselves.

Even so, this was a truly unprecedented battle in terms of scope, scale, and importance. The result of this battle would have a direct impact on the future of the entire Human Race.