Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5383, Royal Lords Falling

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Don’t hold back, it’s time to go all out!” An Old Ancestor roared furiously as his Soul Avatar suddenly expanded atop the Soul Warming Lotus, turning into a giant in the blink of an eye.

The giant reached its hand out of the protection of the Soul Warming Lotus and was quickly cut to pieces by the Soul attacks from the Royal Lords; however, it soon re-condensed.

The giant made a low roar like a wounded beast.

His arm was torn apart, which meant his Soul Avatar was wounded. Furthermore, any damage to the arm of his Soul Avatar was also damage to his Soul.

He remained undaunted though and firmly grabbed a Royal Lord on the periphery.

The Royal Lord went pale and was about to flee when suddenly a mysterious force shot out and caused him to freeze in place.

Not only that, he also felt his Soul Avatar receiving a huge shock and he was overwhelmed by an indescribable pain.

Inside the Soul Warming Lotus, an Old Ancestor’s Soul Avatar surged with Demon Qi, an ominous aura pulsing from his as he smiled treacherously.

Such obvious features could only come from Myriad Demons Heaven.

In fact, this was the Old Ancestor of Myriad Demons Cave Heaven that Yang Kai had once met and studied the two core Eye Secret Techniques under for a time.

The left eye of the Myriad Demons Pass Old Ancestor turned into a golden vertical slit that radiated an imposing aura as it reflected the Soul Avatar of a Royal Lord. It was his Secret Technique that made that Royal Lord freeze.

His right eye was pitch-black, and wherever its gaze landed, a large area of space was covered in darkness that swept up several Royal Lords.

If Yang Kai were here, he would have been amazed by this sight.

He had cultivated Myriad Demons Heaven’s two Eye Secret Techniques, and his attainments in them weren’t bad; however, he had never used them like this.

This showed the differences between Yang Kai and the Myriad Demons Pass Old Ancestor in terms of their attainment in these two Eye Secret Techniques.

Since these two Eye Techniques were the core secrets of Myriad Demons Heaven, they naturally had their unique features.

With one person’s power against several Royal Lords, the Myriad Demons Pass Old Ancestor was also a bit overwhelmed and his Soul Avatar was violently shaken. It would not take too long for his Eye Secret Technique to be broken.

Still, it was enough.

A mournful howl sounded as the clutched Soul Avatar almost directly collapsed. However, at the critical moment, other Royal Lords intervened and broke the enormous hand, saving the Royal Lord within.

Just two Old Ancestors were able to launch a near deadly attack by joining forces.

There were several other Old Ancestors who used their own methods to attack the Royal Lords who were affected by the Myriad Demons Pass Old Ancestor’s Black Purgatory Eye, damaging several of them.

No one remained idle, neither the Royal Lords, nor the Old Ancestors. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Soul Avatars were struck one after another as all sorts of exquisite Soul Secret Techniques and Soul-type artifacts clashed inside the Black Ink Nest Space.

This type of battle was far more dangerous than ones in the outside world; after all, this involved their Soul. Thus, the slightest mistake would spell death for them.

The seven-coloured light of the Soul Warming Lotus’ protection was wavering and its brilliance was weakening at a rate visible to the naked eye.

Once the protection of the Soul Warming Lotus collapsed, with the space here still sealed, the Old Ancestors who entered here would definitely meet tragic ends.

Everyone was attacking their opponents furiously except for Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao.

Firstly, she needed to use most of her strength to keep the Soul Warming Lotus’ protection up.

Secondly, she was looking for the right opportunity to strike.

In this kind of fight, timing was critical and chances were fleeting.

However, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was able to seize any opening around her. Her Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm insight was enough to capitalize on such opportunities.

Three breaths later, when Myriad Demons Pass’ Old Ancestor once again used the Demon Eye of Annihilation to freeze a figure he was focused on, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao grit her teeth, let out a war cry, and shot out a golden light from her forehead.

When the golden light appeared, the aura of her Soul suddenly weakened, and even her Soul Avatar lost part of its form.

This was a serious injury that not even an Old Ancestor could easily restore.

However, it was still worth it.

When the golden light shot out, it directly struck into a Royal Lord who was locked down by the Myriad Demons Heaven Old Ancestor’s Eye Secret Technique.

In the next instant, the intense golden light penetrated deep inside the Royal Lord’s Soul Avatar, drawing a deafening cry of anguish from his lips as his Soul Avatar rapidly weakened.

In the blink of an eye, the might of his Soul dropped from that of a Royal Lord to a Territory Lord’s.

With the follow up attacks of two other Ninth-Order Masters, this Royal Lord’s Soul Avatar was blasted apart!

The Black Ink Nest Space, which was already trembling, shook even more violently!

All the Royal Lords were shocked by what had just happened.

That was when they outnumbered the Humans two to one!

They were alarmed at just how deadly these Humans were!

What was that golden light? It was undoubtedly that golden light which had the power to condemn a Royal Lord to death!

Of course, the Royal Lord was not killed directly by the golden light, but rather due a series of attacks.

Not only were the Royal Lords surprised by this outcome, many of the Old Ancestors were also astonished.

No one expected Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao to have such a terrifying trump card.

Only two of the Old Ancestors, who were good friends with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, looked at her with concern. It was as if they had guessed the nature of the golden light, so they were both happy and a little worried.

If what they suspected was true, then that golden light, which had a great killing power, also has a considerable impact on its user.

It was a Soul Rending Thorn!

If the Old Ancestor could pass on to Yang Kai the method to refine and use Soul Rending Thorns, then she would naturally be able to use them as well. In order to refine this artifact, one needed to imbue a thread of their Soul into it, and in order to activate it, a Secret Technique which sacrificed a large portion of their Soul was required.

For tens of thousands of years, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had kept and nourished three Soul Rending Thorns in her Knowledge Sea.

She had never used them, as once these things were used, she would deal significant damage to herself in order to deal critical damage to an enemy. If she was not careful, she might get herself into a bind instead of killing the enemy.

The last time she thought of using a Soul Rending Thorn was when she last fought against Mo Zhao. She would have used it if Yang Kai could not cut off Mo Zhao’s link to his Black Ink Nest.

At that time, there was a great risk of using a Soul Rending Thorn because there was still the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple on the battlefield.

Fortunately, Yang Kai did not disappoint her and destroyed the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest, thereby cutting off Mo Zhao’s source of power.

She did not use one of these vicious artifacts to kill Mo Zhao, but she had no choice but to use one now.

In fact, before entering this space, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was already prepared to use the Soul Rending Thorns because the Black Ink Nest Space was a battlefield of the Soul.

The effect of the Soul Rending Thorns could be fully displayed here!

Yang Kai did not spend much time nurturing his Soul Rending Thorns yet at that time, he was able to cripple and even kill several Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples despite his Soul only being roughly on par with an Eighth-Order Master’s.

On the other hand, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had been nourishing and refining her Soul Rending Thorns for millennia.

At this point, each of her Soul Rending Thorns could be regarded as a peerless treasure.

When unleashed, just one could deal enough damage to weaken a Royal Lord’s Soul to the level of a Territory Lord’s.

In the chaotic Black Ink Nest Space, the first to suffer a fatality was the numerically superior Royal Lords, which caused the remaining Royal Lords to go into a frenzy.

At that moment, a second Soul Rending Thorn was fired.

Again, a golden light shot out, and in an instant, it penetrated the body of another Royal Lord.

That Royal Lord immediately looked terrified. He saw what happened to his companion, so now he knew what was about to happen to him.

The Soul Rending Thorn dug in and began shredding his Soul Avatar, causing his strength to plummet.

Although the remaining Royal Lord’s rushed to shelter him, the Old Ancestors acted faster, raining down Secret Techniques upon the wounded target.

The effects of the attack were devastating and caused the Royal Lord’s Soul Avatar to shatter.

A second Royal Lord had fallen!

The Black Ink Nest Space shook wildly.

The Royal Lords were horrified now.

The Myriad Demons Cave Heaven Old Ancestor shouted, “Xiao Yue Ya, I’ll trap them, you kill them!”

After he said that, the Demon Eye of Annihilation reappeared. This time, instead of using the Black Purgatory Eye, the Myriad Demons Old Ancestor used all his efforts to activate this Eye Secret Technique.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao cursed to herself, [How old is this Great Aunt now? How dare you call me Xiao Yue Ya! Fortunately, we’re all Ninth-Order Masters and there are no Juniors around; otherwise, wouldn’t those damn brats all die laughing?]

Though she was snarling to herself, her actions remained swift.

The third golden light shot out.

All the Royal Lords tried their best to dodge, but the Myriad Demons Old Ancestor, who had fully committed to using his Demon Eye of Annihilation, proved to be too much.

He locked his sights onto one of the fastest retreating Royal Lords and captured his figure in the vertical golden slit of his eye. In the next moment, the vertical slit actually rotated and turned into a horizontal line.

At the same time, the Royal Lord who was targeted felt that his Soul Avatar warp and distort, like it was being crushed and torn apart all at once. His whole body began to tremble and he was barely able to maintain a coherent form.

In that brief moment of delay, the third golden light had already plunged into his body.

“Die!” The Myriad Demons Old Ancestor roared furiously. His Spiritual Energy maddeningly gushed out as a series of golden rings suddenly manifested and contracted down into a single point.

The trapped Royal Lord’s Soul Avatar was crushed towards a central point, and despite his best efforts to resist, it was all useless.

The Soul Rending Thorn exploded inside of him, making it difficult for him to focus his strength, and in the blink of an eye, the Royal Lord’s Soul Avatar was crushed under tremendous pressure before exploding into pieces.

The third Royal Lord had perished!

The two previous Royal Lords who fell had their auras regress to the level of Territory Lords before they were blasted apart. However, this time, the Royal Lord’s aura did not even have the time to fall as he was directly killed by Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and the Myriad Demons Cave Heaven Old Ancestor.