Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5384, Cang

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The entire Black Ink Nest Space was now filled with the Spiritual Energy that escaped from the death of these Souls and shaking violently.

When Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and the Myriad Demons Old Ancestor were unleashing their powers, the other Old Ancestors did not remain idle either. Just after the third Royal Lord fell, a fourth perished in quick succession.

Although none of the Humans had died yet, all were wounded and their Soul Avatars’ luster were not as before.

This battle had only raged for 30 breaths, yet in such a short duration, all of the 22 Old Ancestors had been injured in one form or another while 4 Royal Lords had died. It was not an exaggeration to say this was the most dangerous and fiercest battle in history.

Although the Humans had achieved huge successes so far, the situation was deteriorating quickly.

Apart from their individual injuries, it was clear that the protection of the Soul Warming Lotus would not last long. In fact, the protection provided by this Supreme Treasure had already been vastly exceeded everyone’s expectations. No one would be surprised if it were to collapse in the next breath.

In addition, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had used three Soul Rending Thorns in a row and her Soul was now severely damaged, causing her control over the Soul Warming Lotus to falter.

The Myriad Demons Old Ancestor obviously noticed this and did not ask Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao to cooperate with him to kill the enemy again.

The Humans were at risk of collective annihilation at any moment.

Temporary gains would hardly resolve their crisis.

All the Old Ancestors realized that if they did not break the Black Ink Nest Space and escape from this entrapment, they would all fall the moment the Soul Warming Lotus’ protection collapsed.

An old man suddenly stepped forward and said, “No wonder my right brow kept twitching today. So, it ends here. My Fellow Daoist Brothers and Sisters, stand guard for me one last time!” Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

A Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master turned his head to look at him and exclaimed, “Ping Yu…”

“Enough nonsense!” The old man bellowed, “I am from Bright King Cave Heaven and Soul attacks are not this Old Master’s strength. I’m not much use here, but if I can open a way for my Fellow Daoist Brothers and Sisters, then I would not have lived in vain.”

As this Old Ancestor called Ping Yu said, he was from Bright King Cave Heaven, and although his Soul cultivation was indeed in the Ninth-Order, he was less powerful than the others and his methods of attacking were very limited.

Simply put, the role he could play on this kind of battlefield was minimal, and he felt that he was of not of much use to the rest of his Brothers and Sisters.

Everyone immediately understood what his intentions were and many Old Ancestors looked grim, but they were powerless to stop him.

The Old Ancestor who tried to object earlier immediately clenched his fists and bellowed, “Push them back!”

As soon as he said that, all the Ninth-Order Masters activated their Soul Secret Techniques and artifacts and sent out a concentrated burst of attacks.

To the surprise of the Royal Lords, the Human’s attacks were not directed at them, but at a certain point in the Black Ink Nest Space, opening up a passageway free of interference.

A Royal Lord quickly realized what the Humans were trying to do and shouted frantically, “Stop them!”

Following the shout, more than 40 Royal Lords blasted at the passage in order to destroy it.

However, it was too late. The Bright King Cave Heaven Old Ancestor laughed heartily and charged out of the protection of the lotus. He dashed into the passage, and in an instant reached towards the edge of the space. His Spiritual Energy maddeningly surged as he roared, “Break!”

*Hong…*

As his Ninth-Order aura was annihilated, a tsunami of Spiritual Energy burst forth and opened a visible crack in the void.

A loud boom reverberated throughout the Black Ink Nest Space, causing all inside to have their Soul Avatars shake.

Even the outer protective layer of the Soul Warming Lotus rippled continuously, as if it might shatter at any moment.

All the Royal Lords were stunned.

That Human… had actually detonated his Soul without any hesitation!

Although the Humans were clearly in a dire situation, trapped inside this Black Ink Nest Space, they had still killed four Royal Lords and had the strange lotus to protect them. The battle was nowhere near its end yet.

Yet, this Human chose to self-destruct?

Just what kind of courage was required to do that?

The Human Race… was terrifying!

At the same time, all the Old Ancestors were staring at the invisible shell which encompassed the space, and the next moment, their eyes lit up.

The Bright King Old Ancestor’s self detonation was not in vain. A crack had developed on the shell, and although it was not large, it was still a crack.

The power of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master’s self-destruction was unimaginable.

When the four Royal Lords fell earlier, it only caused this space to shake violently, but Bright King Cave Heaven’s Old Ancestor’s targeted sacrifice immediately tore the space open.

“Go!” Some Old Ancestors roared.

If there was a break in the sealed space, then there was a way out. So, why hesitate to leave?

However, before they could make a move, the Royal Lords frantically counter-attacked. They were no fools and immediately understood what the Humans were trying to do.

If they let these Ninth-Order Masters escape, their entire ambush would become a joke.

They had the Humans trapped and outnumbered two to one, yet four Royal Lords had perished and although one of the Humans also fell, that was due to him sacrificing himself, not their own efforts to kill him.

All of a sudden, Soul Warming Lotus protection started to waver and the Old Ancestors found themselves stalled in place.

During this momentary delay, the crack on the shell was filled with a powerful force and was quickly closing up!

All Old Ancestors seethed with anger when they saw this happen.

No one expected that this space could repair itself so quickly. Now their hopes of escape had evaporated.

The protective glow of the Soul Warming Lotus had already faded to almost nothing, and it would surely be gone in less than five breaths.

Once that happened, while they could probably take some of the Royal Lords down with them, the entire group of Old Ancestors would surely perish as well.

…..

When the Bright King Cave Heaven Old Ancestor self-destructed, a gap tore through the Black Ink Nest space. Far away in the depths of the void, in an unknown place where the Human Race had not set foot for countless eons, a surge of energy fluctuations disturbed the countless years of silence.

This fluctuation was extremely faint and came and disappeared almost instantly.

A withered figure with almost no aura at all was disturbed by this fluctuation and suddenly opened his eyes.

This figure could almost be regarded as a corpse. There was hardly any life in his body which was now extremely withered with only skin and bones remaining.

Anyone who saw him would not think that he was still alive.

However, when he opened his eyes, they bloomed with dazzling light like two Great Sun.

The next moment, the living corpse suddenly laughed. It was impossible to know how many years he had not spoken for, so now his voice was dry and hoarse, making it extremely difficult to listen to, “Finally! Do we now have a promising generation of descendants?”

He had sat here for countless years. At the beginning, there were some like-minded friends to chat with, but after so many years and without any resources to supplement themselves, his companions had fallen one by one.

Now, he was the only one left to guard this place and slowly became a living dead.

He did not dare to die so easily, and he could not leave, otherwise all their efforts would be in vain.

He did not know how many years he had been asleep as this place was devoid of all sound and light; however, just with those brief energy fluctuations, he was able to gain a lot of insight into what had happened.

Someone’s descendants had begun to counter-attack, and had touched the root of the Black Ink Clan; otherwise, it was impossible for the calm that had lasted for so many millennia to be broken.

He had waited for untold generations for the Human Race to reach this point. The wait had been so long that even he felt despair.

Today, when this ray of hope appeared before his eyes, he began to cackle happily.

As he laughed, he suddenly raised his hands into the dark and slowly said, “Mo, you are the ancient supreme being of the Black Ink Clan, why cause trouble for the little ones.”

His hand was nothing but skin and bones when it was raised, but in the blink of an eye, his physique was restored and it became like flawless jade.

The calm within void was completely broken in the next instant as the boundless darkness started to stir and surge towards the jade white hand.

As the hand crept forward, it began to crumble, and when it plunged into the heart of the darkness, only bones remained.

It was this small skeletal hand that stirred up the entire surrounding space.

There was a harsh wave of Spiritual Energy coming towards the Ninth-Order Master, which was more powerful than anything a Ninth-Order Master could produce, along with an angry roar, “Cang! How dare you interfere! You court death!”

The living dead man called Cang scoffed, “Until I destroy you, old thing, I dare not die so easily!”

As he spoke, his hand slapped down onto the endless darkness.

…

Inside the Black Ink Nest Space, the Soul Warming Lotus’ protection was so weak that it was barely visible.

All the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters knew that they were on the verge of death. They knew that they already had no hope of escaping from this place; so, they steeled their resolve to kill as many Royal Lords before they fell.

They had already come to terms with dying, but even if they all perished, they wanted to ensure that the Black Ink Clan did not feel any better.

The Human Race was gaining strength with each generation, so even if they all fell here, there would be more Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in time to take their place.

The only thing that Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao felt a little regretful over was that when she died here, the Soul Warming Lotus would be left behind. She was worried that Yang Kai would blame her for this.

Still, she set aside those worries as she was about to die anyways.

*Kacha…*

The sound of something shattering suddenly reverberated in everyone’s heart. After Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had summoned the Soul Warming Lotus, they had held on for 30 breaths of time before its protection finally broke.

All the Royal Lords were overjoyed, but soon, their smiles froze. At the moment the Soul Warming Lotus’ protection shattered, the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Masters all shot forward with overwhelming murderous intent. Each of them pushed all the might from their Souls without reservation, clearly not caring about their own lives.

This confused the Royal Lords. It was as if the Humans thought that they had the advantage over them.

Just like the Old Ancestor who detonated his Soul previously, the Royal Lords realized that these Old Ancestors were not afraid of death!

“Kill!” Roared the Royal Lords.

The Human Race was not afraid of death and likewise they were not!

Today’s deaths were just the materials to lay the foundation for the future.

Supreme Masters from both Races no longer concerned themselves with surviving, only caring about slaughtering more enemies before they crossed the gates of death.

Just before the two sides could engage in the final clash though, the entire Black Ink Nest Space suddenly shook violently, and the shaking this time was an order of magnitude greater than when the Bright King Cave Heaven Old Ancestor self-destructed!