Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5385, You are Not Worthy

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

It happened so suddenly that no one knew what was going on. The Supreme Masters of both sides who were about to fight to the death all stopped and took a step back, looking at each other warily.

They were not afraid of death, but the anomaly in the Black Ink Nest Space made them wary; after all, no one knew if the other side had set up some kind of trap.

Kacha…

Another shattering sound was heard, this one much louder than before. All the Old Ancestors and Royal Lords looked up, but as soon as they gazed into the distance, they were all stunned.

The crack opened by the Bright King Cave Heaven Old Ancestors that had just closed, opened up again for some reason.

The Old Ancestors were overjoyed.

The reason why they decided to fight the Royal Lords to the death was because they had no hope of escape; now that the crack had opened up again though, there was hope. Why should they die if they had a chance to live?

They did not know why the crack opened again, but what surprised them most was that the crack seemed to open up much wider than when their fellow Old Ancestor self-destructed.

Through the crack, they caught a glimpse of some vague images.

There was no time to hesitate, so the Myriad Demons Old Ancestor bellowed, “Let’s go!”

As soon as he shouted, blood flowed from his right eye!

He was currently a Soul Avatar, so it shouldn’t be possible for him to bleed. What flowed from his eyes was his own forceful burned Soul Essence.

This moment, he was going all out.

Blackness suddenly filled the space and wrapped up a number of Royal Lords who were in the way.

The other Old Ancestors immediately did whatever they could to interfere with the Royal Lords while leaping towards the crack in the sky. Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had already sacrificed a large part of her Soul and had to be carried away by another Old Ancestor.

Many of the Royal Lords saw this and were extremely unwilling to let the Humans escape. They turned their raging Spiritual Energy into a boundless onslaught to cut off the Old Ancestors’ escape route.

Without the protection of the Soul Warming Lotus, the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters’ Soul Avatars were faltering and some of them may not be able to escape at this rate.

Realizing this, one of the Old Ancestors turned towards the Royal Lords instead of heading to the crack and a violent and fierce power burst from his Soul.

He decided to stay behind and follow in the path of the Bright King Cave Heaven Old Ancestor. By detonating his Soul in the faces of the Royal Lords, he could buy a moment of time that the others would be able to use to escape.

Just as he did so though, an even more powerful Soul was already rushing towards those Royal Lords. Halfway there, his Soul Avatar ignited, making him look like a raging ball of flames.

“Great Battle Pass has two Old Ancestors, it can afford to lose one! Get out of here! All of you!”

The one that had rushed out was an Old Ancestor from Great Battle Cave Heaven. He was now burning his Soul using some kind of sacrificial Secret Technique. There was no turning back for him now!

As he roared, he was hit with a continuous stream of Spiritual Energy blasts from the Royal Lords, blowing holes in his Soul Avatar; however, this Great Battle Heaven Old Ancestor did not flinch in the slightest.

In the blink of an eye, he had already rushed to the place where the Royal Lords had gathered and his Soul Avatar flashed a fierce smile as he roared, “Burn!”

As soon as he roared, a dazzling light erupted from his Soul Avatar, and his already burning Soul Avatar suddenly turned into a sea of fire that engulfed the Royal Lords.

The first few Royal Lords caught by this Soul Fire howled in agony, while the others tried to dodge in a fluster.

However, they were too late.

Their Spiritual Energy was like fuel for this Soul fire, and the more they tried to extinguish it, the more intensely the flame burned.

The flames did not discriminate and were rapidly catching up to the 20 surviving Old Ancestors who were fleeing towards the crack.

Seeing that the Soul fire was about to reach them, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, whose Soul Avatar was almost transparent, forced whatever power she had left into the Soul Warming Lotus and formed a thin barrier, covering the many Old Ancestors.

The next instant, everyone rushed out of the crack and disappeared.

The Black Ink Nest Space was left in shambles.

A sea of fire covered the entire Black Ink Nest Space, engulfing everything in flames. The Royal Lords did not dare to remain any longer and rushed towards the crack, dragging their injured comrades along with them.

Within a breath, this Black Ink Nest Space went from an intense battlefield, to suddenly being devoid of anyone, leaving only raging flames behind.

These flames were the product of a Ninth-Order Master sacrificing his Soul; there was no telling how long it would take to extinguish.

..…

Darkness shrouded the unknown place, as harsh hissing sounds transmitted through the void, mixed with endless pain.

Old man Cang chuckled as he casually commented, “This generation’s descendants are all so courageous. It’s no wonder they were the ones who managed to break through. Mo, your end is near.”

A voice filled with hatred echoed back from the darkness, “Your people will forever be slaves!”

Cang faintly snorted, “You are not worthy!”

He turned his head, and looked into the depths of the void. After countless years of waiting, the day had finally arrived. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

…..

Great Evolution Royal City, in front of the collapsed High-Rank Black Ink Nest.

Yang Kai and Xiang Shan both wore solemn expressions.

Although Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had only entered the Black Ink Nest for several dozen breaths of time, the two of them felt like years had gone by. They could no longer feel the Old Ancestor’s Soul, which meant that the Black Ink Nest Space was sealed. That also meant that the Black Ink Clan was prepared. They did not know what would happen to the Old Ancestor inside.

Although they were worried, the two of them could not do anything to help at this point. They could only wait.

They thought it would take some time, but who would have thought that just several dozen breaths later, the two of them once again sensed Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s Soul. They quickly looked over and the Old Ancestor also rapidly opened her eyes.

Yang Kai and Xiang Shan’s faces changed dramatically!

Old Ancestor was injured, extremely seriously injured! Her face was as white as paper and she winced painfully as the aura of her Soul fluctuated unsteadily.

Yang Kai and Xiang Shan could not even imagine that in just a short duration of several dozen breaths, an epic battle must have been fought in the Black Ink Nest Space. It was a battle between 22 Old Ancestors and 50 Royal Lords. In this short battle, 4 Royal Lords and 2 Old Ancestors had fallen. The Black Ink Nest Space also had a strange crack opened in it.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao obviously did not intend to explain anything but quickly took some Spirit Pills and stuffed them into her mouth before weakly saying, “During the time I enter retreat to recuperate, Commander Xiang Shan, heed by words, the war is not over. The Black Ink Clan still has very strong forces hidden in the shadows.”

Xiang Shan’s face changed slightly before he cupped his fist and bowed, “Understood!”

If the Old Ancestor was so afraid, then the Black Ink Clan’s hidden forces must be extremely dangerous.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao then turned to Yang Kai and said, “You, come with me!”

Upon saying this, she shot towards Great Evolution Pass followed by Yang Kai.

The Old Ancestor was so badly wounded that she had to use the power of his Small Universe to heal her wounds. Naturally, Yang Kai was used to this.

After following her back to Great Evolution Pass, Yang Kai immediately spread out his Small Universe and let the Old Ancestor enter to recover.

He could feel that Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s Soul was badly injured. He just did not know what had happened to her in that Black Ink Nest Space.

Fortunately, there was no need to worry about her life. The Soul Warming Lotus was still with the Old Ancestor, and with it, no matter the damage, her Soul would quickly recover. Furthermore, there was the difference in how fast time flowed in Yang Kai’s Small Universe, so it should not take long for Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao to fully heal.

If Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was in such a state though, then what about the other Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters? After all, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was not the only one who entered the Black Ink Nest Space this time.

It seemed, this time, some of them must have fallen.

Yang Kai’s heart sank when he thought of this.

When the Human Race launched their crusade across the 106 Theatres, dozens of Royal Lords were killed without any losses among the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. Of course, it was inevitable that some of them were injured.

However, this time, it was almost certain that some Ninth-Order Old Ancestors had fallen.

The confrontation in the Black Ink Nest Space was just that dangerous.

While Yang Kai was assisting the Old Ancestor heal, the celebratory atmosphere in Great Evolution Pass slowly changed. Xiang Shan, as the head of the Army, intentionally reversed the atmosphere. People tended to let their guard down if they continued to celebrate. If a battle really began, then they would be caught off guard.

Although it was a bit cruel to deprive the soldiers of this moment of joy, it had been like that for countless years. The Human Race had always been like that, constantly under the pressure of the Black Ink Clan, forced to forge ahead while never compromising!

Within a few days, two shocking messages reached Great Evolution Pass from other Great Passes.

Bright King Cave Heaven’s Old Ancestor had died in the Black Ink Nest Space!

Great Battle Heaven’s Old Ancestor had also perished in the Black Ink Nest Space!

It was said that 22 Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters had gathered to explore the Black Ink Nest Space; however, the Black Ink Clan had laid an ambush. The moment the Old Ancestors entered it, the Black Ink Nest Space was sealed and 50 Royal Lords attacked together. The Old Ancestors fought valiantly and managed to kill 4 Royal Lords despite terrible odds. Bright King Cave Heaven and Great Battle Heaven’s Old Ancestors sacrificed themselves in order to give the other Old Ancestors a chance to escape.

Two Old Ancestors had died in battle!

The entire Human Race mourned for this loss.

Now not only Great Evolution Pass, but all the Humans knew that the war with the Black Ink Clan was far from over. On the surface, more than 100 Theatres had been pacified and the Black Ink Clan had been decimated; however, lurking in the dark, the Black Ink Clan had an even bigger hidden force.

The story of Black Ink Clan’s Mother Nest began spreading throughout the Great Passes.

The Mother Nest was perhaps the root of the Black Ink Clan where its hidden forces were located. To completely eradicate the Black Ink Clan, the Mother Nest must be destroyed.

So, after more than 100 Theatres were pacified, the Humans celebrated for a brief moment before they entered a state of war again!

Wounds were treated, and while some began cultivating, others were sent out to mine resources in order to prepare for the coming battle.

There would be more battles ahead, ones that would be even more dangerous than all those experienced before.

Within Yang Kai’s Small Universe, the four Army Commanders gathered in a small house.

The house was left by the Hunter and his Wife, and although hundreds of years had passed in his Small Universe, Yang Kai had kept it in pristine shape because Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao would come here every time she needed to heal.

This was the first time Xiang Shan and the others had truly entered Yang Kai’s Small Universe, so it did not take long for them to notice that time flowed faster than normal here.

It was no wonder Yang Kai’s cultivation speed was so much greater than average; this kind of time differential was all but impossible for others to emulate.