Chapter 5389, Fated to Meet

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Giant Spirit God’s huge figure was rushing over again, waving the huge bone in his hand, smashing the void on all sides, causing it to crumble and crack.

Yang Kai was stunned for a moment and said with surprise, “Another Giant Spirit God?”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao shook her head and said, “It’s still the same one!”

“Why is he back?” Yang Kai was puzzled.

The Old Ancestor had no answer to his question and quickly said, “Just wait and see.”

Yang Kai frowned, observed, and saw the Giant Spirit God come back towards them. He then flew off into the distance and disappeared in a flash. Though his movements appeared awkward and clumsy, his speed was astonishingly fast. He only appeared unwieldly because of his enormous size.

Yang Kai did not understand what he was doing and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao did not explain.

After waiting for a time, Yang Kai’s eyes narrowed and as he struggled to see the Giant Spirit God dash back towards them during his rampage all through the void, then disappear again.

Yang Kai frowned deeply, wondering what the Giant Spirit God was doing.

On the other hand, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao just sighed.

Although Yang Kai had some suspicions now, he wasn’t certain yet. However, after the Giant Spirit God flew back and forth three times, he was able to confirm his theory.

“Is this Giant Spirit God… already dead?” Yang Kai asked.

Although the Giant Spirit God exuded a strong killing intent, there was no trace of vitality coming from his body. What caused Yang Kai to feel frightened was seeing that the Giant Spirit God’s body was full of wounds, ones that had obviously been inflicted long ago but never healed.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao said with great concern, “You could say that.”

“Then why…”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao knew what was on Yang Kai’s mind and said, “Although the Giant Spirit God Clan is incredibly powerful, their thought process is extremely simple. Although I do not know what actually happened to him before he died, from his behaviour, he must have been fighting against countless mighty enemies before he died.”

As he traveled back and forth, the Giant Spirit God kept waving the giant bone in his hands, as if there were an endless number of enemies around him that were attacking him.

The Giant Spirit God’s malevolent aura was also extremely terrifying.

“The Black Ink Clan!” Yang Kai gasped.

Under such circumstances, who else could be Giant Spirit God’s enemy? It had to be Black Ink Clan.

Although he did not know what the ancient battles were like, he could tell by looking at the state of the Giant Spirit God that he was in a desperate situation. He must have defeated untold numbers of enemies before eventually dying of exhaustion.

Although his vitality had dissipated, his last Will remained unbroken. Endless eons had passed by, yet he was still charging around this battlefield, tirelessly trying to kill the invisible enemy, never once ceasing.

Perhaps, only when his physical body eventually collapsed would he stop.

Yang Kai’s heart inexplicably sank. Although he did not have any previous contact with this Giant Spirit God, both Ah Da and Ah Er were incredibly friendly and good to him. They were truly gentle and innocent, never using their great strength to bully others.

However, in ancient times, even a Race as peace-loving as the Giant Spirit God were drawn into the war and eventually fell on the battlefield, which showed how dire the situation was at that time.

The Black Ink Clan was not only the greatest enemy of the Human Race, but also the greatest enemy of all living beings in the vast Universe.

“Let’s go.” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao muttered solemnly.

The Giant Spirit God was not alive. He was just repeating the actions of when he was alive, running back and forth on the battlefield, smashing those enemies that no longer existed.

It was truly sad, but also worthy of respect!

As Yang Kai followed Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao towards Great Evolution Pass, the Giant Spirit God once again charged forward from behind.

Yang Kai suddenly looked back and thought that this Giant Spirit God might not simply be killing the enemy. Perhaps he was saving some Humans or holding back the advance of the enemy. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

With the strength of a Giant Spirit God, it was obvious he could have escaped if he was defeated, but he persisted and remained rampaging on the battlefield. That meant that someone or something caused him to remain and fight, something more important to him than his own life.

Perhaps, in that ancient battlefield, the ancient Humans were fighting side by side with the Giant Spirit God right here, blocking the Black Ink Clan Army!

They had no means to uncover such ancient events. Those who came after them could only retrace the journey of their forefathers; as for how it ended, that was anyone’s guess.

The deeper they traveled into the Black Ink Battlefield, the more dangerous it became.

It was hard to imagine the far past, and the amazing battle that must have happened between the Ancients and the Black Ink Clan. It was a war destined to end only in the total destruction of one side!

The void was full of chaotic energy, with Black Ink Clouds and seas of Black Ink Strength scattered about. Where the chaotic energy and Black Ink Strength entwined after countless years, they evolved to form endless dangers through the ages.

Six months after Great Evolution Pass departed from the Royal City, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao could no longer heal in peace.

There were so many dangers around that it was sometimes impossible for the Eighth-Order Division Commanders to handle on their own. For instance, when a certain massive Spirit Array was triggered, and the entire Great Evolution Pass’ defensive barrier nearly shattered and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had to personally go out to protect the Pass.

At this point, the hidden dangers in the void had become strong enough to threaten Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

This situation was true for all the Human Race Armies. Many Great Passes had lost contact with each other already due to these chaotic energy outbursts.

Yang Kai began to wonder if the Royal Lords who had escaped from the Humans in each Theatre would even be able to make it back to the Mother Nest safely.

After fighting the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, those Royal Lords would surely be seriously wounded, and in this kind of environment, if they were not careful, they might die.

At this time, Yang Kai was leading Dawn to scout ahead of Great Evolution Pass to check for possible dangers.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao sat inside the Pass as she monitored the four directions in case something happened, ready to respond if she needed to.

Dawn was a Special Operations Squad and was adept at dangerous scouting missions; however, just in case of trouble, Dawn had an extra Eighth-Order with them.

She was none other than Feng Ying!

In the last battle in the Royal City, Feng Ying rushed out at the critical moment and held back a Territory Lord who was pursuing Yang Kai. As a newly promoted Eighth-Order Master, Feng Ying was naturally no match for that Territory Lord and was injured during the battle.

Later, there was a breakthrough in the situation. Che Kong, Mo Zhao and the Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple, each died one after another. Feng Ying’s Territory Lord opponent realised that the situation was not in the Black Ink Clan’s favour and attempted to escape.

Feng Ying went all out to pin her opponent down, and with the help of other Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, she eventually managed to kill that Territory Lord.

Now that Feng Ying was in the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, she was supposed to have left Dawn to assume greater responsibilities. In fact, the Army was reorganized just before Great Evolution Pass left the Royal City.

This was the third time the Great Evolution Army went through a mass-reorganization.

The first time was when the Great Evolution Army was first established. The second time was when they re-took Great Evolution Pass. Now was the third and probably the last time.

Feng Ying was now a Division Commander of the Western Army.

Dawn also had some new faces.

Yang Kai stood on the deck at the bow of the Warship, using his Divine Sense to monitor in all directions, checking for possible hidden dangers.

Apart from Dawn, there were dozens of other Squads that were fanning out on the path ahead of the Great Pass.

The reconnaissance teams would quickly map the route ahead and send their findings back to Great Evolution Pass, so that they could avoid any impending dangers.

If there was a strong restriction or Divine Ability detected in front, the scouts would be responsible for triggering it. However, if it was too strong, then the Eighth-Order Division Commanders who had gone along with the scouts would have to take action.

If even the Eighth-Order Masters could not handle the threat, then they could only call the Old Ancestor to come forward to deal with it.

The road ahead was known to be dangerous, so no one bothered to contact the Old Ancestor unless the threat was so great that even Great Evolution Pass’ shields would be unable to withstand the impact.

So far, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had to intervene twice. The restrictions that were neutralized by the Old Ancestor were truly terrifying. If one was accidentally triggered by the scouting Squads, there was a high possibility that they would be wiped out.

On this day, Yang Kai was checking out the possible dangers ahead when a Divine Sense transmission reached his ear, “Brother Yang, come and take a look. There’s something interesting here.”

Yang Kai turned his head to look over there, and without hesitation, he called out to Feng Ying to take command and dashed off.

A short while later, when he reached the area that another Squad was exploring, he took a look at the situation and was stunned by what he saw.

He saw a figure standing in the void in front of him, his body covered in black blood. It was a Black Ink Clansman.

He was not just any Black Ink Clansman though. From his aura, he was clearly a Territory Lord.

Yang Kai even recognized this individual, smiled, and said, “It’s really fate that we meet again after so long. How should I address you?”

This couldn’t be helped. This Territory Lord was the one who chased after Yang Kai in the previous battle. Yang Kai did not know his opponent’s name, but in the end, he had summoned Huang Si Niang’s Soul Clone to block him.

This Territory Lord had obviously defeated Huang Si Niang’s Soul Clone, which now remained as a lifeless feather. Yang Kai placed the feather in his Space Ring and planned on returning it to Si Niang when he had the chance to see her at the No-Return Pass.

He did not expect to meet this Territory Lord in such a place.

Previously, the Humans had relentlessly pursued the enemy, trying to eliminate as many as possible.

In the battle over the Royal City, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao personally hunted down and killed most of the remaining Territory Lords. Only a few were lucky enough to escape.

Yang Kai did not expect this Territory Lord to be one of those lucky few.

Unfortunately for him, he managed to escape Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s pursuit, but failed to avoid the dangers of this Divine Ability Sea, and was now trapped here by some kind of restriction.

This Territory Lord’s aura was a bit unstable and was obviously severely injured. There were several huge wounds all over his body with black blood still leaking out.

Yang Kai knew what happened as soon as he arrived.

This piece of the void was actually filled with numerous tiny Void Cracks, which must have been left behind by Masters fighting during the ancient times. Furthermore, there were also some very powerful Killing Arrays nearby.

Some of these Void Cracks could be seen with the naked eye, but others were completely invisible. When the Territory Lord fled to this place, he must have run head-long into this fractured region of the void, resulting in many fresh wounds. Now he was trapped and dared not move.

In fact, Great Evolution Pass had encountered many Void Cracks along the way, ranging in size from tiny slivers to huge rifts that filled the sky, seemingly cutting the entire Black Ink Battlefield apart.

That was why Yang Kai was specially assigned to reconnaissance, as he was a Master of the Dao of Space and able to detect all the hidden Void Cracks.

However, it was still rare to see a place as broken and cracked as this. It was almost like a prison for the fleeing Black Ink Clansmen.

This Territory Lord was fortunate to have even survived after barging into this kind of place. However, he was equally unlucky as he could not escape from this trap.