Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5393, Old Ancestor Sets Out

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“There’s nothing urgent. This is just an experiment,” Yang Kai said. He then turned his head towards the Space Array that had not completely closed and disappeared.

The few Open Heaven Realm Masters were bewildered.

“Did someone teleport here?” Wind and Cloud Pass’ Eastern Army Commander, Yuan Xing Ge, stepped into the hall and asked.

He obviously noticed the commotion and came over to check the situation; however, he was a step too late.

The Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master on guard duty rushed forward to report, “Yang Kai from Great Evolution Pass just came by, but went back almost immediately. He said that he was conducting an experiment.”

“An Experiment?” Yuan Xing Ge frowned and barked, “What is he trying to do?”

Each time a teleportation was conducted, it required a large amount of resources. Though the Great Passes were no longer starved for resources now, they should not waste them in such a manner.

When the Grand Array lit up once again, the fluctuations generated were much subtler than before; thus, everyone knew that it was a jade slip rather than a person being sent.

Sure enough, when the glow waned, a jade slip was lying quietly on the Hyper Space Array.

The Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master went forward to pick up the jade slip and injected his Divine Sense, his expression soon changing as he frantically said, “Sir, Great Evolution Pass has discovered something!”

As he said so, he offered the jade slip to the Army Commander.

Yuan Xing Ge took it, and after checking it out, his expression also changed.

“Great Evolution Pass and Wind and Cloud Pass are now only three months apart?”

This was very surprising news. How could there be only a three months’ journey separating them? The jade slip that was transmitted from Great Evolution Pass also speculated that not only had the distance between Great Evolution Pass and Wind and Cloud Pass been reduced, the distances between all other Great Passes had also been shortened. The jade slip instructed them to spread the news and at the same time seek confirmation of this.

Yuan Xing Ge did not dare to delay. He quickly continued to spread the word while arranging men to go to the neighbouring Great Passes through the Space Arrays.

In less than half a day, jade slips from all the Great Passes were collected in Great Evolution Pass’s Space Array Hall.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao checked the jade slips before tossing them to Yang Kai, nodding at him as she said, “It’s confirmed. The distances between all the Great Passes have shrunk.”

Yang Kai took a look at the messages, frowned, and asked, “What is causing this?”

This was a good thing for the Human Race. If all the Great Passes gathered in one place, then their power would not be scattered and they would not need to fight separately as before.

Even if the Source Domain was really that dangerous, the Human Army could still overcome it.

“You have an advantage in your ability to sense the Purifying Black Ink Battleships. Pay more attention to the position of the other Great Passes’ Purifying Black Ink Battleships and judge the distances between them.” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao instructed.

“Yes!”

…..

As they ventured deeper into void, they not only encountered remnants of war between the Ancients and the Black Ink Clan, but also a number of vivid Celestial Phenomenon, naturally formed by the Universe itself.

Each of the Celestial Phenomenon was extremely magnificent, occupying massive regions of the void, hiding unimaginable dangers beneath their beautiful appearances.

Even the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors could feel a sense of danger coming from these Celestial Phenomenon, making them aware that falling into them would be disastrous.

According to Feng Ying, there were many similar Celestial Phenomenon in the 3,000 Worlds during ancient times; however, as the number of Human Race Masters increased and their activities became more frequent, the Celestial Phenomenon in the 3,000 Worlds gradually faded away.

However, in the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield, these Celestial Phenomenon remained unchanged throughout the ages.

Technically speaking, the Chaotic Dead Territory was also a type of Celestial Phenomenon; however, it was not naturally formed but rather the result of the collision of Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s powers.

The Chaotic Dead Territory was so dangerous that even the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could not enter for long. Only the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could move about for a short period in such a place.

Yang Kai had experienced the dangers of the Chaotic Dead Territory first-hand. If Giant Spirit God Ah Er had not protected him at that time, he would never have survived.

Many of the Celestial Phenomena in the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield felt even more dangerous than the Chaotic Dead Territory.

The Celestial Phenomena were so dangerous that even Great Evolution Pass needed to go around them.

A year later, Wind and Cloud Pass and Azure Void Pass were now less than a month’s journey away from Great Evolution Pass, and this distance continued to shrink.

This was the same for all the other Great Passes as well, with the two furthest Great Passes now only two months apart.

If this persisted, the Great Passes would converge in another year’s time.

Even though Yang Kai was scouting ahead of the Army, he could clearly sense the tense atmosphere within Great Evolution Pass. The Great Evolution Army had begun to sharpen its swords. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Although there were no clear orders to do so, almost everyone had felt that when the Great Army of the Human Race gathered, it would be the time to fight to the death with the Black Ink Clan.

Furthermore, the Human Race had always anticipated this battle.

Six months later, Great Evolution Pass and Wind and Cloud Pass were only ten days apart from each other!

If this was an ordinary stretch of void, Yang Kai would already be able see Wind and Cloud Pass; however, the energy in the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield was too violent and chaotic. There were countless restrictions and dangers all over the place; thus, even though he knew where Wind and Cloud Pass was and how far it was from him, he still could not see it clearly.

The Great Passes were about to converge!

On this day, Yang Kai was looking towards Wind and Cloud Pass when he suddenly felt something and turned his head to look in that direction.

The next moment, Feng Ying, who was beside him, also sensed something and followed his gaze.

There was nothing as far as the eye could see, but there was definitely something different about the energy fluctuations in the void.

“Is someone fighting?” Feng Ying asked gruffly.

Yang Kai silently perceived for a moment, before shaking his head and saying, “Something must have triggered some massive restriction…”

The shockwaves of a battle would not be this violent. Although he also did not know what happened in that direction, it was certain that the place where the disturbance occurred was extremely far from them, at least two months journey by Warship.

At such a distance, even if a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master and a Royal Lord fought, they could not possibly create such a huge disturbance.

The only explanation was the triggering of some massive Array. Previously, Great Evolution Pass also accidentally triggered such a huge restriction, and the impact was so intense that the Pass’ shields were almost torn apart.

As they were talking, a surge of power suddenly came from inside Great Evolution Pass, followed by a pillar of light that shot out into the void.

Yang Kai turned his head to look and frowned.

“The Old Ancestor has set out!” Feng Ying shouted.

What just happened was obviously the Old Ancestor teleporting through the Space Array. An Eighth-Order Division Commander would not create such a disturbance during teleportation. Only the teleportation of an Old Ancestor could consume such a huge amount of energy and create such violent Space Principle fluctuations.

[She has gone out!]

Yang Kai did not know where the Old Ancestor went, but since something had alerted her, it was obviously something extraordinary.

When Yang Kai turned his head to look, he vaguely caught a glimpse of a lofty and huge figure, covering the sky and tearing through the void.

The next moment, there was a familiar aura from Wind and Cloud Pass, enveloping Great Evolution Pass.

It was the aura of Wind and Cloud Pass’ Old Ancestor!

Additionally, on the other side, there was also the aura of Azure Void Pass’ Old Ancestor!

The aura of the two Old Ancestors intertwined in the sky above Great Evolution Pass, turning into a protective layer.

Yang Kai immediately understood. Since Great Evolution Pass’ Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had left, that meant that there was no Old Ancestor in the Pass to ensure its safety. The Pass would not be able to protect itself if it encountered a huge danger; therefore, the Old Ancestors of the Passes to the left and right immediately joined forces to shelter Great Evolution Pass.

This way, if there was any danger, these two Old Ancestors could respond immediately.

In other words, now the two Old Ancestors have joined hands to protect Azure Void Pass, Wind and Cloud Pass, and Great Evolution Pass.

Yang Kai was now clearly concerned…

A short while later, a more violent aftershock came from the direction where the anomaly was first detected.

Yang Kai’s brow twitched.

If it was just a single disturbance, a huge restriction being triggered would make sense, but with repeated fluctuations occurring, it could only be due to a huge fight.

Two top Masters fighting would not create such intense fallout; it would take at least 10 or 20 such powerhouses to create a disturbance of such magnitude.

When Yang Kai thought about how Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao rushed out just now, he immediately understood that there must be several Old Ancestors fighting with some strong enemies in that direction.

The only ones who could compete with the Old Ancestors were the Royal Lords.

It must be the Royal Lords who had escaped from the Theatres several years ago!

A lot of Royal Lords died when the Royal Cities of each Theatre fell, but there were quite a few who escaped as well. It was not that the Old Ancestors did not want to kill them, but rather that they couldn’t as long as the Royal Lords were determined to escape.

Those Royal Lords that fled that day all went towards the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield!

Yang Kai had been thinking about this since he found out that the Great Passes were converging and would eventually meet up at some point.

If the Great Passes converged, then what about the Royal Lords who escaped from the other Theatres?

Would they converge in one place as well?

There wasn’t just one or two Royal Lords, but dozens!

If all those Royal Lords joined forces to target a single Great Pass, that Great Pass would be able to resist. It would soon be destroyed, along with all the human soldiers inside.

He had mentioned this previously with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao; however, she just told him that preparations had been made. Thus, Yang Kai did not ask any more questions; after all, he was only a Seventh-Order Master and should just focus on what he could do, rather than things he had no ability to interfere with.

Now, it seemed that the Old Ancestors did have an arrangement for such a situation.

From looking at what just happened. When there was movement nearby, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was the first to go provide support, while the Old Ancestors of Wind and Cloud Pass and Azure Void Pass, quickly took Great Evolution Pass into their protection.

This was the safest arrangement.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was definitely not the only Old Ancestor who had set out.

There were dozens of Royal Lords, so many Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters would have to be deployed to face them.

Perhaps some Old Ancestors would fall in this battle, but the Royal Lords would surely suffer even more.

At that moment, a strange fluctuation appeared from another direction.

Yang Kai frowned and quickly looked in that direction.

The Royal Lords… had split up their forces.

They did not all converge in one place, but instead divided into two groups to attack the Human Great Passes in two locations.

However, were their attacks going to be limited to only two locations? After all, with dozens of Royal Lords, they could attack at multiple places at the same time without any difficulty.