Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5397, Spiritless Land

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

However, Cang was trapped here and unable to move. There was no way for him to provide any help to the Human Race.

Now, he could only wait!

The 19 Royal Lords who left earlier were obviously moving to intercept the Humans.

In this regard, Cang was not worried. Since the Human Race could drive them back, then they would not have any problems dealing with these remnants.

The real problem now was how to handle Mo!

This was the source of all the problems. Without resolving him, all other efforts were ultimately futile.

When they discovered this problem millions of years ago, they also tried to eliminate Mo. Unfortunately, they failed and could only create a cage here to seal Mo inside.

For millions of years, Mo could not get out of this trap.

It was as much of an imprisonment for them as it was for Mo.

Cang gazed far away, hoping that this generation of Humans could give him a pleasant surprise!

…..

In the void, both Yang Kai and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had an ominous feeling as they stood on Dawning Light’s deck.

It had been a month since the Royal Lords attacked and the void ahead had changed dramatically.

The further they went, the fewer dangers they encountered.

Then, at a certain point, Yang Kai suddenly felt as if Dawning Light had entered a different world, one without a trace of energy at all!

So far, although the void had been vast and seemed both silent and empty, the fact was it was still filled with all kinds of energy. It was just a matter of how much.

The most common energy in the void was the various Starlight Strengths. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array that was placed in Void Land was able to draw in Starlight Strength to replenish itself. Thus, as time passed, the more powerful the Nine Heavenly Layers of Grand Array would become.

Although these powers could not be absorbed by Humans directly, they were real, and many Mobile Palace Artifacts and Warships had the ability to draw on such energies to power themselves.

It could be said that these kinds of chaotic powers filled all of space in the void.

However, this place was a complete vacuum.

There were no restrictions, no residual Divine Abilities, no colourful and diverse Celestial Phenomenon, not even the power of the Void itself!

This was a place where there was literally nothing, only endless space.

Being in such a place, one could not help but feel surreal. Even being in it, Yang Kai could not help but wonder if there really was such a place in this world.

“A Spiritless Land!” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao murmured and frowned slightly.

Yang Kai had previously heard of Spiritless Lands; however, this was the first time he had actually seen one.

“Is it manmade or naturally formed?” Yang Kai asked.

The Old Ancestor shook her head, “I don’t know.”

It was fine if it was naturally formed, but if it was artificially created, then it was a big deal.

[Does this place have anything to do with the Black Ink Clan’s Source Domain? Is the Source Domain hidden here? But, if this is a Spiritless Land, why would the Source Domain be hidden here? Was this done by the Great Experts of ancient times for some reason?]

Nothing was known.

At that moment, an energy fluctuation flickered from the depths of the void. Although it was fleeting, both Yang Kai and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao sensed it.

Yang Kai immediately turned his head to look in that direction while Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao frowned and narrowed her eyes.

Not only did they sense it, all Humans in the Great Passes sensed it. Be it Ninth-Order Old Ancestors or Fifth-Order soldiers, all clearly sensed that energy fluctuation.

In all the Great Passes, all eyes and Divine Senses focused in that direction. Some even rose into the sky hoping to get a better look.

“Strong!” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao exclaimed softly.

Although the place where the fluctuation came from was still incredibly far away, she clearly perceived that whatever caused it was so powerful that she could not hope to replicate it.

In other words, the one who caused this fluctuation was a Master beyond her.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao could not help but feel intimidated.

She was instantly reminded of the jade white hand that she saw in the Black Ink Nest Space previously.

At that time, she sensed that the Master of that hand seemed to be more powerful than a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. With a single strike, he actually managed to tear apart the Black Ink Nest Space, which had sealed 22 Ninth-Orders Open Heaven Realm Masters and 50 Royal Lords inside of it.

[Was the intense energy fluctuation made by the owner of that jade white hand? If not, who is this Master that is fighting in the depths of the void?]

This crusade was increasingly puzzling and incomprehensible.

After a month passed, the distances between the Great Passes had become extremely close to each other. Wind and Cloud Pass and Azure Void Pass were now just an hour or so away from Great Evolution Pass. In fact, Yang Kai could clearly see the two Great Passes on his left and right.

It could also be said that the Human Race had effectively become a single Army. Any one of the Great Passes could support the other Great Passes in a timely manner.

The power of more than 100 Great Passes had gathered. There were more than 100 Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, thousands of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, and around 2 million soldiers. Furthermore, they had the accumulated heritages of the Cave Heavens and Paradises, over hundreds of thousands of years.

With such a powerful force, the Human Race had the confidence to deal with the Black Ink Clan, regardless of how strong its hidden forces were!

In this battle, the Black Ink Clan would be eradicated once and for all!

After the energy fluctuation, there was no more movement from the depths of the void and it remained unknown what caused it.

Three days later, while Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was meditating aboard Dawning Light, she suddenly opened her eyes, gazed ahead momentarily and then dashed out.

A long continuous whistling sound followed.

At the same time, from a number of Great Passes, Ninth-Order Open Heaven Masters flew out like long bolts of lightning towards the depths of the void.

“Enemy attack!” Yang Kai shouted, “Take your stations!”

He clearly perceived that as many as 30 Old Ancestors had rushed out from the Great Passes.

The only enemy who could make so many Old Ancestors move was the Royal Lords.

Last time, 21 Royal Lords divided their four groups to launch an attack which eventually resulted in their annihilation. Not much time had passed since then, but now another wave of Royal Lords was attacking.

These had to be the Royal Lords who did not show themselves previously.

Yang Kai wondered why they did not attack together and instead split into two separate waves. Were they not aware that splitting their forces and attacking at different times would be less effective? That couldn’t be. There had to be some reason why they had to do so; after all, the Royal Lords were not fools.

Shortly after Yang Kai shouted, a battle broke out in the depths of the void ahead, a very fierce battle.

Previously, when Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao went to another Great Pass to support them, the distance was too far for Yang Kai and the others to perceive anything.

However, this time it was different. The location of this battle was not far from Great Evolution Pass, about half a day’s journey by Warship.

Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques began to erupt, and extremely dazzling and gorgeous lights bloomed at that distant location.

Underneath that glorious glow was nothing by violence and death.

The battle was extremely ferocious!

This was the rawest feeling this battle gave to Yang Kai.

There were no probing attacks or measuring of the enemy, just an immediate life-or-death struggle.

“One, two, three…” Yang Kai concentrated on perceiving the battlefield ahead and after a moment, he frowned and mumbled, “The number isn’t right. There are only 19 Royal Lords.”

A total of 45 Royal Lords escaped after the pacification of the Theatres. 21 died in their attack on the Great Passes. Then there should still be 24 Royal Lords remaining. So, why were there only 19 in this battle? Where did the other five go?

Feng Ying also nodded and said, “It’s 19.”

Yang Kai immediately ordered, “Return to Great Evolution Pass!”

There were still five missing Royal Lords, and no one knew where they were hiding. If they attacked Dawn at this moment, they would not be able to resist. The Old Ancestors from Azure Void Pass and Wind and Cloud Pass next to them might not be able to rescue them in time; thus, it was better for them to return to the Great Pass.

Naturally, there was no way for Yang Kai to know this was unnecessary; after all, those five Royal Lords were killed by Cang before this and there were only 19 Royal Lords left.

What’s more, these 19 were far more seriously injured compared to the previous 21 Royal Lords.

Cang may have only killed five Royal Lords, but he seriously injured more than 10 of them as well. As a result, these 19 Royal Lords were in worse condition than the previous 21 who had attacked, with many of them not even able to display 50% of their peak strength.

30 Old Ancestors went out to fight them, outnumbering them almost two to one.

This battle broke out suddenly, and ended very quickly.

Yang Kai was just leading Dawn back to Great Evolution Pass when the battlefield in the distance was filled with the sounds of Royal Lords falling, one after another.

On the city walls, the Human soldiers who sensed the battlefield were dumbfounded.

No one expected the Royal Lords to die so quickly.

The battle was actually over before a stick of incense passed, with the auras of all 19 Royal Lords that had appeared withering as they perished.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao soon returned, without a trace of injury.

Xiang Shan and the others rushed to welcome her.

Not rejoicing in victory, the Old Ancestor wore a frown on her face; after all, the previous battle had given her an extremely odd feeling, even more so than the one before it.

It was as if these Royal Lords did not take their own lives seriously. They appeared as if they could not wait to die and practically did not defend themselves, showing no sense of self preservation and only attacking wildly.

What concerned her more was that the 19 Royal Lords that appeared this time were very seriously injured.

More than 10 of them could not even exert half of their usual strength; otherwise, the Old Ancestors could not have won so easily even if they were numerically superior.

The Royal Lord’s injuries were odd, and she wondered if that immense burst of energy some time ago had something to do with it.

Perhaps that was the case, otherwise it could not be explained.

If so, that would mean that someone had struck those Royal Lords before them.

As the Old Ancestor pondered, a vague ‘guidance’ suddenly came to her from the darkness.

It was not a word, nor a Divine Sense transmission, but a simple ‘guidance’.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao immediately turned her head in the direction where the Royal Lords came from.

In that instance, the eyes of more than 100 Old Ancestors from the various Great Passes also converged in that direction.

Some of their brows rose slightly, some looked surprised, while others appeared relieved…

When that ‘guidance’ came, all the Old Ancestors knew that they were close to reaching the Black Ink Clan’s Source Domain, and would soon be able to clear some of their doubts and questions.

Be it whether the jade white hand that saved them that day belonged to a friend or a foe would be revealed soon.

If they were not mistaken, the vague ‘guidance’ in the darkness came from the owner of that jade white hand.