Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5398, You’ve Finally Come

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

More than 10 days after the 19 attacking Royal Lords were killed, the Great Passes finally arrived at the source of darkness.

The void deep ahead was enveloped by a huge and dense cloud of Black Ink Strength that appeared like an endless ocean that had existed since time immemorial.

Although everything was calm, everyone felt the dread of what was to come. Even from a distance, it still gave people an extremely ominous feeling.

The evil energy in this Black Ink Ocean seemed to be able to devour one’s heart and Soul just by staring at it.

In the Great Passes, all eyes gazed towards the Black Ink Ocean, and all of them looked grave, even the Old Ancestors.

Was this the Black Ink Clan’s Source Domain?

Although no one told them what it was, when they saw the Black Ink Ocean, they all realized that this was definitely the Source Domain, and that the Mother Nest must be inside.

At the beginning of the crusade, no one thought that the Source Domain was so far away, and no one expected that the Source Domain would look like this.

If too many Black Ink Clansmen died in a certain battlefield, the Black Ink Strength would form thick Black Ink Clouds, and if enough Black Ink Clouds came together, they were sometimes called Black Ink Oceans, but those were a far cry from the sight before them.

This was a real Black Ink Ocean, dense and boundless.

The so-called ‘Black Ink Oceans’ that they had seen previously were at most small ponds by comparison.

Most of the Humans only focused on this vast Black Ink Ocean ahead of them, while the Old Ancestors of the Great Passes vaguely perceived that there seemed to be something else beyond this Black Ink Ocean.

It was something that was hidden extremely well and no one would know it was there unless effort was made to sense it.

In Myriad Demons Pass, the Old Ancestor used his Demon Eye of Annihilation to see through the illusion.

At Divine Feather Pass, the Divine Feather Old Ancestor activated his True Vision Eye to pierce the veil of the void.

It was the same for the Old Ancestors of other Great Passes. With their Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivation, they more or less all practiced some form of Eye Secret Technique, though their attainments varied quite a bit.

At this moment, when the various Eye Secret Techniques were activated, the hidden objects beyond the darkness were instantly perceived by the Old Ancestors, and what they saw left all of them pale with shock.

They saw a restriction at the outer edge of the darkness, which was like a cage that enveloped the entire Black Ink Ocean.

It was not hard to imagine that without this seal, the Black Ink Ocean would have been so enormous that perhaps the whole void would have been filled with it, leaving no place for the Human Race to exist.

Such a seal was definitely not a natural formation and had to be man-made, but even the Old Ancestors had never heard of anything like it.

From the traces left by the passage of time, it was obvious that this seal was ancient. In fact, it was so old that even the Old Ancestors could not figure out when it was even formed.

However, the Old Ancestors did not need to investigate for long as suddenly, something in the void attracted their attention.

There was an old man with a white beard, sitting on the restriction, looking at them with a smile.

All the Old Ancestors gasped.

Initially, they did not even notice this man’s presence. This old man seemed to suddenly appear out of nowhere.

With more than 100 Old Ancestors scanning the area, it was naturally impossible that he could be missed; however, the old man could not possibly had just appeared there. He had always been there, but they did not know what technique he used such that even they, the Old Ancestors, could not detect him.

In other words, if he did not want to be found, none of the Humans here could find him.

This old man… was very strong. So strong that even the Old Ancestors were shaken.

He just sat there with a smile on his face, yet the Old Ancestors all felt that he was facing them individually.

This was a strange feeling, but also a sign of his supreme strength and control.

They did not detect any energy fluctuations from the old man, yet, many Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters had a clear understanding of the situation.

It was clear to them that he had no ill will towards the Human Race.

Additionally, the old man was obviously Human.

Without coordinating, each of the Old Ancestors stepped out from the Great Passes and converged towards the old man’s location.

Although they were fairly certain this old man helped some of them escape from the Black Ink Nest Space, they remained cautious as they still had not confirmed his origins or intentions.

With more than 100 Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters acting together, the old man would have to consider carefully if he had any malicious intent.

When the old man detected the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters’ thoughts, his smile only widened.

Then suddenly, the old man appeared disappointed and frowned.

As the Old Ancestors approached from the Great Passes, he clearly saw Duan’s handiwork from the Great Passes.

Back then, one of his comrades, Duan, was supremely talented in Artifact Refining, second to none in it.

In fact, the cage where Mo was imprisoned was created by Duan with the help of the nine others.

It was naturally impossible for Duan to have personally built these Great Passes; however, Cang remembered that Duan had taken a few Disciples during his life and passed down his knowledge to them.

Thus, it seemed that the Great Pass was created by Duan’s Disciples.

But rather than that, what Cang was disappointed about was that he could not find the familiar aura he was searching for among these people.

That could only mean that Shi’s plan had failed!

He must have failed to cross the void and return to the 3,000 Worlds; otherwise, he surely would have come here today.

Aboard all of the Great Passes, all were confused when they saw the Old Ancestors walking towards the darkness.

The Old Ancestors were able to see Cang’s figure only because Cang willingly allowed them to see him, but not the others.

Only Yang Kai stood on the walls of Great Evolution Pass and stared at them with wide eyes. He appeared shocked as if he had seen a ghost in the daytime.

[There’s someone here! There’s actually someone in this accursed place!]

He had heard from Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao that there was a force fighting against the Black Ink Clan and she even speculated that the force was near the Mother Nest; however, he still could not believe it until he really saw this old man.

This was a Spiritless Land, at the deepest part of the Black Ink Battlefield. It was where the Source Domain of Black Ink Clan!

As far as Yang Kai knew, for the past several hundred thousand years, no Human had ever set foot in this place, but there was actually someone here!

Did this mean that this person had been here for at least hundreds of thousands of years?

In the absence of the presence of any energy, how did he survive?

Even if this old man was extremely strong, he must have depleted all his reserves after so many years.

Could it be that this old man’s Small Universe was like his own? One that could raise living beings, allowing him to be self-sufficient?

While Yang Kai was stunned, so was Cang.

After noticing another gaze upon him, Cang turned to look towards the source and found a little Seventh-Order Junior staring at him.

Those in the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm could see him because he took the initiative to reveal himself to them, but he did not allow anyone else to see him.

Even the top Eighth-Order Masters at the Great Passes were confused as they did not know where all the Old Ancestors were going, so what was so special about this Seventh-Order boy?

Cang’s eyes flashed.

Yang Kai immediately shuddered as he felt like he was being examined from the inside out. It was a very uncomfortable feeling that sent chills down his spine. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Yang Kai frowned as he cursed to himself. Regardless of who this old man was, he should not pry into other’s secrets. He felt that this old man was up to no good.

On the other hand, Cang now understood why Yang Kai could see him.

When he peered into Yang Kai’s Small Universe, he saw a World Tree clone.

Strictly speaking, Cang had a close relationship with the World Tree, and it was with the power of the World Tree clone that Yang Kai was able to sense the old man’s existence even before the Old Ancestors.

Cang did not bother with Yang Kai and just smiled at the Ninth-Order Masters who came to him and gathered in a semicircle. Unconcerned about their vigilance, he said with a mellow tone, “You’ve finally come. I’ve been waiting for this day for more than a million years!”

..…

On the wall, Yang Kai became curious and restless. Although he resented the old man for prying into his personal details, what was happening was clearly an opportunity to learn the secrets of the ages.

The old man, who had lived here for hundreds of thousands of years, was a character from an era so ancient there were no records of it. He must know more about Black Ink Clan than any of the Humans today.

He could be revealing something about the secrets of the Black Ink Clan right now; thus, Yang Kai also wanted to hear about it.

However, he was not strong enough and he was unqualified to participate in such a discussion.

Seemingly noticing something, Xiang Shan frowned and asked, “Brat, what’s the situation over there? You look like an ant on a hot metal wok. What’s happening?”

Yang Kai said, “Sir, if you don’t know what’s going on, then how could I know what’s happening over there?” He then continued, “Sir, why don’t we utilize our Divine Sense to hear what the Old Ancestors are saying to that Old Sir?”

When he said this, Xiang Shan, Mi Jing Lun, and all the others looked strangely at him.

“What Old Sir?”

There was no such thing as an Old Sir over there!

They only saw the Old Ancestors of all the Great Passes leaving the Passes in unison and converging in one place.

Without orders from the Old Ancestors, they did not dare to do anything rash.

None of them saw any Old Sir!

Yang Kai said, “It’s that Old Senior…”

He pointed his hand to where the Old Ancestors were gathered.

Xiang Shan stared over there, but still could not see anything. He then slapped the back of Yang Kai’s head and snarled, “What nonsense? How can there be anyone there other than the Old Ancestors?”

Yang Kai fumed, [Why did he have to slap my head? Could he not have just used his words?]

However, after seeing Mi Jing Lun and others’ expressions, Yang Kai suddenly understood, “None of you can see him?”

Xiang Shan growled, “If you keep talking nonsense, I will split your head in two.”

Yang Kai turned his head to look at Feng Ying and asked, “Senior Sister, you also cannot see that Old Sir?”