Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5405, Don’t Throw a Tantrum

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Millions of years ago, when Cang and the other nine Martial Ancestors sealed Mo, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was not so large. At that time, it was at most a small piece of the void, hardly a thousandth of its current size. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

As time passed though, Mo drew on the power of the 3,000 Worlds, through this Primordial Heavens Source, and its own power fiercely rose.

Thus, the Grand Restriction also expanded along with it.

By now, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had almost reached its limit. The greater the size of the Grand Restriction, the more difficult it was for Cang to maintain it, and when the scope exceeded a certain threshold, the restriction would naturally burst.

That was also why Cang said that the Human Race Army came just in time. Even if he did not die, he would be unable to maintain the seal if they came more than 1,000 years later.

Now, in order to relieve his burden, they had to wear down the Black Ink Strength inside. If he could get better control over the restriction, then there would not be any concerns about Mo breaking out of the trap. By then, the Human Race Masters would be free to search for the Primordial Light.

Thus, no matter what, a battle was inevitable.

The Human Race would fight to weaken the Black Ink Strength, while Mo would try to use this opportunity to escape.

Mo had been suppressed and sealed here all this time, but even Cang did not know what the situation inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was.

Mo completely isolated the inside with its own power and its Divine Sense was extremely powerful, so it intentionally prevented anyone from sensing what was going on. Even Cang was unable to peek into it.

However, when Mo nearly broke out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction long ago, there was indeed an extremely powerful force that blew up from the inside. Even when Cang and the other nine Martial Ancestors quickly suppressed it, some Royal Lords still managed to escape.

Those Royal Lords first took this surrounding area, where the Heavens and Earth was formed, as their target and managed to turn this huge stretch of void into a Spiritless Land so as to cut off any source of power for Cang and the others. They then took their Black Ink Nests across the dangerous ancient battlefields to search for suitable locations to create Royal Cities. Thereafter, they began to spawn large armies so that they could invade the 3,000 Worlds, gain more resources, breed more Black Ink Clansmen, and then return to rescue Mo.

In fact, back then, more than 200 Royal Lords had escaped the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, but in that era, the restrictions and residual Divine Abilities that remained on the ancient battlefields were far more powerful than the ones the Human crusade experienced along their way here. Thus, many Royal Lords fell, leaving just over 100 survivors.

Those restrictions and residual Divine Abilities were from the first great war between Mo’s servants and the Great Experts of the Late Ancient Era. Cang had mentioned that the battle raged for 10,000 years.

The Royal Lords who moved to create their Royal Cities did so too far away for Cang and the other nine Martial Ancestors to monitor their movements.

At that time, the Human Race, and the Dragon and Phoenix Clans of the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land joined forces to guard the only path that connected the Black Ink Battlefield to the 3,000 Worlds; after all, when the Royal Cities first appeared, it naturally alarmed the Human Race.

In order to cope with the future Black Ink Clan invasion, the Human Race also built their Great Passes, one for each Royal City, forming the basis for the various war Theatres. The Human Race Masters then returned to the 3,000 Worlds to prepare. They chose cultivation paradises with abundant resources and World Energy to foster new talents. It was these cultivation holy lands that later became the Cave Heavens and Paradises. From there, they recruited disciples widely and trained elite Masters for the coming war.

Hence, the layout of the Black Ink Battlefield was formed step by step.

It was because they managed to suppress and seal Mo that the Late Ancient Era’s shocking war between Mo’s servants and the Human Race could even occur.

The Great Experts who knew the full story had all been killed by the end of the Late Ancient Era in the battle of extinction against Mo’s servants.

Millions of years then passed with neither side being able to make a true breakthrough. The Black Ink Clan never managed to take down the Great Passes en masse, settling for recklessly attacking and retreating, not caring if they incurred huge losses each time.

They were all spawned from Black Ink Nests rather than being born and raised by parents. As long as there were sufficient resources, they could endlessly continue to create more Black Ink Clansmen.

It was only in recent centuries that the Human Race had gradually turned from its defensive position to an offensive one. Now, the 2-million-strong army crusade had finally marched to this point with the means to threaten Mo directly.

A great war was inevitable!

“This Old Master needs some things to restore himself,” Cang requested.

Although he had used Shi’s power to steal some of Mo’s power from time to time over the years, Black Ink Strength was still corruptive by nature and he did not dare to use it indiscriminately.

Even Shi was at risk of being corrupted by Black Ink Strength because he devoured too much of it. He eventually could not sustain himself and had to sacrifice himself to the restriction.

Thus, over the years, Cang had always been in a state of malnutrition and was barely able to maintain the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. That was why he became skin and bones, much like a living dead.

The only reason why he now had a somewhat normal physique was because he did not want to frighten these Juniors.

It was naturally not an issue to help provide Cang with some resources, as while most of the Old Ancestors only carried a few on them, Yang Kai had plenty.

Yang Kai immediately took out a Space Ring, filled it with all kinds of resources, and handed it to Cang, “Senior, see if this is enough, if not, Junior still has some more.”

Cang took the ring and looked before smiling lightly, “It’s enough.”

After saying that, he looked at the Old Ancestors and said, “Go and prepare yourselves first, after this Old Master restores himself, I will open the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction!”

Some Ninth-Order Masters asked, “Senior, where is the best place for us to assemble?”

They knew nothing about this Spiritless Land, so it was natural to ask for Cang’s instructions.

Cang looked around for a while before pointing in a certain direction, “There. Over there is where Mo tore open a crack and those Royal Lords managed to escape from back then. Relatively speaking, that position is easiest to open, and due to some old setups by my friends, it is also the easiest to close.”

The Old Ancestors looked in the direction he pointed and naturally had no objections.

“Then we will go and prepare.”

The Old Ancestors flew away and Yang Kai followed.

Soon, all the Army Commanders of the Great Passes quickly understood the situation after receiving instructions from the Old Ancestors. Orders were given, and all the soldiers began to make preparations for battle.

For so many years, the Human Race had mostly been in a passive and defensive state, repeatedly invaded by the Black Ink Clan while forced to repel them.

Such an opportunity was scarce.

As Cang said, the objective here was for the Human Race to kill as many of the Black Ink Clansmen who tried to escape the gap as possible after he opened the restriction.

Who could withstand a combined attack of more than 100 Great Passes and a 2-million-strong Army?

Even Royal Lords would be annihilated in an instant before such power.

The Human Race was completely confident in this battle which aimed at weakening the Black Ink Strength.

Another good thing was that the battlefield was in the void. If it was a flat land, it would be impossible to properly arrange the 106 Great Passes. Even so, it still took the Humans a full month of work before battle lines were formed.

More than 100 Great Passes were divided into layers, with each layer consisting of some 30 Great Passes. Inside each of the Great Passes, the soldiers were all busy preparing and repeatedly checking their artifacts, formations, and Warships.

Various pills were also distributed.

It took them about one and a half months before everything was ready.

Cang had consumed a large number of resources by now and was close to being fully restored.

Mo angrily snapped, “Cang, do you really want to do this? What happened back then was unintentional. I’ve already been imprisoned for millions of years. I’ve suffered a lot, can’t you let me live?”

All this while, Mo continued to chatter into Cang’s ears. Sometimes it threatened, other times it intimidated, and at times, it softly begged.

However, Cang remained unmoved.

He knew better. The dangers that Mo could bring to the 3,000 Worlds were too great. What happened during the Late Ancient Era was still fresh in his mind, so how could he allow history to repeat itself?

All his old friends had already perished to suppress and seal Mo, leaving him alone to stand guard here. How would he allow his friends’ sacrifice to be for nothing?

This had nothing to do with whether Mo did anything wrong, its existence itself was harmful so it could not be allowed to live. Mo was indestructible, so if he was released, this vast world would never have peace again.

“Old Man, do you think that what you do now will really wear me down? You can’t weaken me unless I allow it!” Mo angrily scolded.

Although it was venting, it was also telling the truth. Even if Cang opened a gap in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, if Mo did not command its servants to fight, the Humans could not do anything about it.

Cang finally responded with a light chuckle, “Mo, you have existed for so long and you are no longer a child, so please don’t throw a tantrum. Don’t you want to get out of here after so many years in captivity? When this Old Master opens a gap, it will be both a crisis and an opportunity for you. Don’t you want to take advantage of this chance to get out of this seal? As long as you can kill all these people and then let your servants kill this Old Master, no one else will be able to stop you.”

“You liar! Liar, liar, liar!” Mo screamed angrily, “You even told them before that you could close the gap at any time, do you think that I didn’t hear you?!”

Cang laughed but did not say anything.

Mo said again, “You’ve been lying to me all this time! You bully! What have I done wrong for you to treat me like this!? Cang, Old Man… let’s not fight, okay? You let them leave and I will withdraw all my Black Ink Strength. You can then seal the Black Ink Strength within this Grand Restriction. As long as this restriction does not break, my Black Ink Strength will not escape. So, it will not endanger the others.”

“Hmm…” Cang said softly but seriously, “Mo, stop pretending. This might be possible if you had cooperated back then, but it is too late now. You have chosen this path and you must bear the consequences of your actions. What’s more, you know that Mu proposed to make the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to seal off your Black Ink Strength, but even she could not be sure of whether it would work or what risks it would carry.”

“Mu…” Mo’s memory must have been evoked and it angrily cried out, “She died! Right in front of me! You killed her!”