Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5409, The Royal Lords Emerge

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai had always felt that he was best suited to fight on his own.

He had a power that far surpassed that of those in the same Order, and even if he was faced with a Territory Lord, he was able to transform into an Ancient Dragon to do battle. He also had Space Secret Techniques that allowed him to come and go freely as well as several other advantages that were unrivalled among Seventh-Order Masters.

Only by fighting on his own could he maximise his advantages.

Of course, he would be exposed to less risk when he fought alongside Dawn, but it was also a kind of restraint for him. The others were unable to match his speed and quick reflexes, so he had to coordinate with them when making a move.

Now that Dawning Light was gone, all restraints on Yang Kai were lifted.

Wielding the Supreme Limitless Spear Art, innumerable spear shadows spread out in all directions, and by the time they faded, all the surrounding the Black Ink Clansmen burst into blood mist.

With his spear in hand, Yang Kai charged towards places where the Black Ink Clansmen were most concentrated. Wherever he went, the enemies collapsed like straw amidst a storm.

As a Dragon Roar reverberated across the void, Yang Kai transformed into his 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon Form. He let out a Dragon Breath and swept his Dragon Tail across the swarm of enemies, clearing out large spaces on the battlefield.

However, he wouldn’t dare to remain in his Dragon Form for extended periods.

Although he was able to battle against the Territory Lords as an Ancient Dragon, his figure was too big and it was hard for him to move around. Not to mention, in his Dragon Form, he made an obvious target and was wounded by the attacks coming from all directions in short order.

Even though most of them were flesh wounds, Yang Kai couldn’t ignore them if they continued to pile up.

His Dragon Form abruptly disappeared and the Black Ink Clan lost their target. After turning back into Human Form, Yang Kai rampaged around the battlefield again.

As he alternated between Human Form and Dragon Form, he attracted the attention of lots of Black Ink Clansmen. Although many enemies were chasing after him, he fearlessly dashed forward and silently destroyed his opponents. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

All of a sudden, Space Principles undulated as Yang Kai abruptly disappeared. When he reappeared, it was in the middle of an intense battle.

It was a battle between an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master and a Territory Lord in bone armour.

At that instant, Yang Kai’s eyes reflected the figure of the Territory Lord in bone armour. As Time Principles spread, the world seemed to have frozen for a moment.

He pushed out his spear and stabbed it right into the back of the Territory Lord’s head.

Even though the bone armour that this Territory Lord was wearing was thick and nigh impenetrable, it was not without any weaknesses, and the crack at the back of this Territory Lord’s head was one of them.

He was stunned, for it never crossed his mind that he wouldn’t succeed even though he had targeted his opponent’s weakness while he was distracted.

Exerting even more force into his thrust caused more sparks to fly and eventually, the crack in the armour broke and the spear penetrated the Territory Lord’s head.

However, Yang Kai wasn’t able to push his spear out from the other side as the opponent’s hard skull stopped him from doing that.

Having succeeded, Yang Kai immediately tried to retreat, but it was too late.

The moment the Territory Lord was attacked, he swung the bone shield in his hand at Yang Kai and a violent force swept across his stomach. Instantly, Yang Kai felt half of his body turning numb and a huge gash opened on his abdomen. Golden Blood gushed out of the wound as his squirming organs could be seen.

The Territory Lord wanted to kill Yang Kai ruthlessly, but the latter actually activated Purifying Light and engulfed the enemy with it.

The light could restrain Black Ink Strength, so there was no way Yang Kai wouldn’t use it now that its existence had been exposed. He just hadn’t come across any opponents that left him with no choice but to use the Purifying Light until now. Facing a powerful Territory Lord, he naturally wouldn’t keep this trump card rotting.

The Territory Lord was unfazed even when his head was struck by the Azure Dragon Spear; however, when the pure white light engulfed him, he wailed in agony as though he was experiencing the cruellest torment in the world.

As though having a spirituality of its own, the Purifying Light snuck into the Territory Lord’s body through his wounds and clashed with his Black Ink Strength, causing both forces to fizzle and vaporize.

While the Territory Lord was stunned, a sabre light flashed across his neck and shattered his bone armour, sending his head flying away as black blood gushed from his neck.

“Well done!” Xu Ling Gong praised the other man while holding a large sabre in his hand.

If not for Yang Kai’s help at the critical moment, he would’ve been killed by this Territory Lord; after all, it had only been a short time since Xu Ling Gong ascended to the Eighth Order, so his heritage wasn’t comparable to those of the experienced Eighth-Order Masters. On the other hand, these powerful Innate Territory Lords in bone armour were specifically created by Mo to endure large amounts of abuse.

The instant Xu Ling Gong clashed with the opponent earlier, he fell into a disadvantageous position.

He had even used an Evil Purging Divine Spear; however, the Territory Lord only had a small number of weaknesses to exploit and Xu Ling Gong was unable to shatter the other party’s armour, so even the Evil Purging Divine Spear became useless.

The most effective method of using the Evil Purging Divine Spear’s power was to stab it right into the opponent’s body, letting the Purifying Light explode inside their body so that it could directly grind down their Black Ink Strength.

Now that these Territory Lords were all equipped with robust armour, it was hard for Evil Purging Divine Spears to play any role.

On the other hand, Yang Kai could pose a bigger threat to these Territory Lords in bone armour by directly channelling Purifying Light against them because he could guide the Purifying Light to pass through the bone armour’s gaps and enter their bodies.

Before Xu Ling Gong could ask whether Yang Kai was alright, the latter had disappeared and re-entered the chaotic battlefield.

Xu Ling Gong was rendered speechless at that. Regardless, he knew that Yang Kai had a powerful Dragon Clan Bloodline, so even though he looked battered, he was supposedly fine. Therefore, Xu Ling Gong decided to ignore him and shifted his attention to another Territory Lord before darting forward.

The battlefield was a mess, and there seemed to be an infinite supply of Black Ink Clan soldiers to replace those who fell. Since the opening appeared, the torrent of darkness had not stopped spilling from it.

More and more Feudal Lords and Territory Lords appeared. Fortunately, the Humans were quick to destroy the enemies, so they were able to maintain a balance.

After helping Xu Ling Gong kill a Territory Lord, Yang Kai went on to make several more contributions.

Using the disorderly Black Ink Clan soldiers as cover, he swiftly yet stealthily approached the Eighth-Order Masters and Territory Lords. When he was close enough, he would directly activate Space Principles and launch a sneak attack.

He no longer summoned his Azure Dragon Spear to attack the enemies and instead used Instantaneous Movement to appear behind a Territory Lord and cast a bolt of Purifying Light at them. Ignoring the furious Territory Lord, he then directly disappeared.

Many Territory Lords suffered a setback because of this tactic. The Purifying Light was able to restrain Black Ink Strength, and their bone armour couldn’t fully cover the Territory Lords up. Once they were struck by the Purifying Light, their powers would significantly weaken and the Eighth-Order Masters naturally wouldn’t let such a chance slip through their fingers.

As Yang Kai stealthily moved around and struck the Territory Lords in bone armour, they inevitably faltered. As such, the Eighth-Order Masters were able to kill these Territory Lords with ease.

The Black Ink Clansmen soon noticed Yang Kai’s action and more and more of them began chasing after him. Wherever he went, a chaotic storm followed.

Even Cang, who had been guarding the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, couldn’t help but have his eye drawn to him; after all, it was rare for a Seventh-Order Master to be able to make such an impact on this kind of battlefield.

As a thought flashed across his mind, Cang parted his lips and sent a Divine Sense transmission to Yang Kai.

After being startled for a moment, Yang Kai was elated as he became even more reckless.

Earlier, he still wouldn’t dare to move further into the battlefield, for he was worried that he might not be able to escape should he come across a powerful enemy. Upon hearing Cang’s transmission though, his worries disappeared.

His high-pitched Dragon Roar reverberated across the void again and his 70,000 metres Ancient Dragon’s figure reappeared in the Void while his Dragon Scales radiated a golden glow. As he let out a Dragon Breath, the Black Ink Clan soldiers in front of him melted like snow under the hot sun.

Throughout history, perhaps only the war in the Late Ancient Era was comparable to the magnificence of the war today. Over 100 Great Passes and all the elites of the Human Race had come together. It was a war that would determine the future of all Humans, so they couldn’t afford to be negligent.

As time passed, the number of these 2 million soldiers decreased as they were no longer able to make use of the Great Passes to ensure their safety. As the Humans had to fight with the enemies on the battlefield, deaths were inevitable. Everywhere on the battlefield, Small Universes ruptured and Human Masters passed away.

Besides the Sixth-Order and Seventh-Order Masters, even the Eighth-Order Masters were not spared the fate.

About 2 million Human soldiers had been taking turns to strike the enemies, but things were still not looking good. All the same, no one faltered.

In the Great Passes, the Old Ancestors had only made a move once before falling silent. It wasn’t that they were not willing to act, but that they didn’t dare to. The strongest Black Ink Clansmen that had streamed out of the gap so far were Territory Lords, while the Royal Lords were still nowhere to be seen.

None of them knew how many Royal Lords were hiding in the dark, but since the Royal Lords hadn’t appeared, the Old Ancestors could only remain unmoving. Otherwise, their weaknesses would be exposed to the enemies.

It had come to a point where even a slight mistake could cost their lives.

The battlefield was filled with chaos, but invisible undercurrents were also stirring as the Humans and Black Ink Clan were also waging a contest of patience. Whether the Old Ancestors or the Royal Lords appeared on the battlefield first would play a large role in determining the outcome of the war.

Seeing that so many Human soldiers had been killed, the Old Ancestors were naturally heartbroken; nevertheless, they knew that they could only grit their teeth and hold their ground lest their plans all be derailed.

Presently, Yang Kai was badly wounded. Even though the living beings in his Small Universe continuously replenished the World Force for him, he realised he would not be able to persevere for much longer.

While the other cultivators took turns to return to the Great Passes to recuperate, he had not rested once since he joined the battle. He had managed to kill over 100,000 Black Ink Clan soldiers and even though he hadn’t personally killed a Territory Lord, a few dozen of them had been harassed by his Purifying Light and subsequently been eliminated.

Still, this made only a minimal impact on the overall battle. It seemed like this war would never end at this rate.

It was then that an imposing aura was felt coming from the gap that changed everything. The Black Ink Clan’s attacks intensified while the Humans felt their chests tightening.

All of them realised that the Royal Lords, who had remained patient all this time, had finally made a move.

This was the change the Humans had been longing to see. If the Royal Lords still refused to appear and the Black Ink Clan just kept sending more Territory Lords and weaker soldiers to fight, the Humans would descend into a state of despair.

Now that the Royal Lords had appeared, it showed that the Black Ink Clan could no longer bear the loss of Black Ink Strength. It had come to a point where the Royal Lords had no choice but to take to the field.

A majestic figure stepped out of the darkness through the gap and a Royal Lord’s savage aura swept across the void.

Before he even left the gap, he darted his gaze around in a condescending manner, but at that instant, over 10 figures abruptly appeared near the gap, as though they had always been there yet no one knew when they had appeared.