Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5417, Life-and-Death Tribulation

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Two figures dashed across the bloody battlefield that looked like a living Hell. While Yang Kai never stopped fleeing, the Royal Lord relentlessly chased after him.

Just a moment later, the distance between them shortened and without hesitation, Yang Kai manipulated Space Principles and disappeared from the spot.

The sheep-headed Royal Lord behind him was evidently startled. He had lived his entire life inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Even though he was able to learn about the Humans through the Black Ink Nests, he had never come across an opponent like Yang Kai, so it was the first time he witnessed a Space Secret Technique.

Soon, he detected Yang Kai’s aura and turned to look in a different direction. Over there, a blood-soaked Yang Kai appeared inside a Human Great Pass. While standing on the wall, he eyed the Royal Lord from across the battlefield and pointed his spear at him in a provocative manner.

Running away wasn’t his sole intention. On such a vast battlefield, Yang Kai couldn’t just focus on his own safety. Since this Royal Lord had set his eyes on him, Yang Kai had to come up with a way to lure him away from the others.

He had no idea which Great Pass he was in as all the Humans had left to attack the enemy, so all the Great Passes were empty with not even a single person remaining behind. Therefore, he didn’t have to worry about luring the Royal Lord to this place.

Seeing how smug Yang Kai looked, the Royal Lord was enraged and charged towards him.

On the wall, Yang Kai settled his spear on the floor and sat down on a large array. The Array Core was an artifact that looked like a giant crossbow. Usually, it required three Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters to activate such an array.

At this moment, Yang Kai turned his hands into Dragon Claws and clutched the giant crossbow before madly infusing his World Force into the array. The patterns on the array lit up, and all the energy entered the crossbow. Despite being strong, Yang Kai realised he almost couldn’t control this crossbow. He activated his Divine Sense and locked onto the Royal Lord with his aura, a hideous expression on his face.

Following a buzz, the entire wall started shaking and the next moment, a gigantic light column condensed into an arrow and shot towards the Royal Lord. This violent attack was equivalent to an Eighth-Order Master’s all-out strike.

There were only a small number of arrays of such powers in the Great Passes and they were the most powerful and lethal ones the Humans could refine. Most of the artifacts and arrays could only cast attacks that were equivalent to a Seventh-Order Master’s attacks.

The arrow formed from the light column was not only intimidating but also rapid. In the blink of an eye, it was about to strike the Royal Lord; however, he didn’t seem to have the intention of dodging it. The black wings on his back folded in front of him to cover his body as he withstood the light arrow and dashed towards the Great Pass before shattering the array and artifact on the wall with a punch. A large part of the wall collapsed and as his force spread, levelling many buildings in the Great Pass.

It didn’t matter if the attack was equivalent to an Eighth-Order Master’s strike, he was a Royal Lord, so why would he be afraid of such a blow? However, he soon frowned as Yang Kai was nowhere in sight.

In fact, right after Yang Kai fired the arrow, he disappeared.

Detecting something, the Royal Lord turned to look at a nearby Great Pass and saw Yang Kai standing on the wall. Again, he was trying to activate the power of an artifact. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Enraged, the Royal Lord pounced on his opponent once again.

The same thing happened again; however, this time, what shot out of the Great Pass wasn’t a light arrow but a rain of sword waves.

The Royal Lord surged his Black Ink Strength and blocked all the sword waves. Seeing that Yang Kai was about to jump to another Great Pass, he locked onto him with his aura, which then burst and caused Yang Kai to stagger as he fell out of the Void.

Yang Kai clenched his teeth as he retreated and concealed his aura. He directly entered the Great Pass and used the buildings as cover.

Booms were continuously heard from behind him as the Royal Lord hunted him down and destroyed countless buildings along the way. The entire Great Pass soon turned into ruins.

Finally, Yang Kai found a chance to manipulate Space Principles and escape.

The moment he reappeared, the Royal Lord locked his aura onto him and pursued him like maggots on rotting bones.

Yang Kai’s expression darkened as he realised he couldn’t go on doing this. The Royal Lord hadn’t dealt with someone who was a Master of the Dao of Space before, which was why Yang Kai managed to escape from him earlier.

Now that the Royal Lord had a way to deal with him though, Yang Kai was no longer able to use Instantaneous Movement as he pleased. At this rate, he would be cornered sooner or later. After glancing at the chaotic battlefield, Yang Kai grit his teeth, turned around, and charged towards the depths of the void.

It had come to a point where the Ninth-Order Masters were all engaged in life-and-death battles against the Black Ink Clan Masters. With that said, the Human Race Masters below the Ninth Order still had a slight advantage against the Black Ink Clan. As long as they could enlarge that advantage, they would be able to influence the battles between the Ninth-Order Masters and the Royal Lords.

When the Eighth-Order Masters were free from restraints, they would be able to lend the Ninth-Order Masters assistance.

Nevertheless, it remained hard to deal with the Black Ink Giant Spirit God. All the same, this wasn’t a problem that Yang Kai could solve. He was in a perilous situation himself, so he had to focus on staying alive first.

Yang Kai’s action surprised the Royal Lord. As he looked in the direction Yang Kai was fleeing, he hesitated for a bit before chasing after him.

Even though no one knew anything about the ray of light that Cang had cast into Yang Kai at the last moment, it was obviously something important. That was why the Royal Lord decided to personally deal with him.

He initially thought that he could easily achieve his goal, so it surprised him that there were so many twists and turns. Certainly, he wouldn’t let this Seventh-Order brat flee from the battlefield as the latter clearly intended.

The black wings on his back flapped before he turned into a flash of light and shot towards Yang Kai.

On the battlefield, when the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters saw this, they wanted to help, but they were unable to shake off their opponents. Only a few Eighth-Order Masters managed to break free from their entanglements and rushed towards Yang Kai from different directions.

While running across the void, Yang Kai stuffed a handful of Spirit Pills into his mouth and even consumed a Low-Rank World Fruit that he had kept in storage for years.

At this point, nothing else mattered than restoring his reserves. He had consumed too much of his World Force, and only a bit of power was left in his Small Universe. It was inefficient to refine Open Heaven Pills, so he needed a World Fruit to replenish his energy quickly.

He knew that this was a life-and-death tribulation for him. Everything would be fine if he managed to shake off this Royal Lord; however, if he was captured, he would be doomed despite being able to transform into an Ancient Dragon.

In fact, he wasn’t sure if he could escape; after all, the Royal Lord could move much faster than he did. The only thing he could rely on was Space Principles.

Yang Kai had quite several experiences when it came to fleeing from Masters who were more powerful than him, but in such a situation, he could only do his best and let the Heavens decide his fate.

He was aware that several Eighth-Order Masters were trying to aid him; however, they were no match for a Royal Lord. Once both parties clashed, those Eighth-Order Masters would certain die; therefore, he wouldn’t dare to stop.

Yang Kai madly pushed his World Force and Dragon Clan Secret Techniques as he moved across the void at the speed of lightning, soon leaving the battlefield behind as he escaped further and further away.

However, the threat behind him was only getting closer. In less than an incense stick worth of time, Yang Kai was engulfed in a great sense of crisis. This sense of danger suggested that he was already within the range where the Royal Lord could strike him.

He wanted to manipulate Space Principles to teleport away, but the Royal Lord had locked his aura onto him. Once he made a move, that aura would explode and destabilize the surrounding Void. When that happened, his Instantaneous Movement would be disrupted and he would be killed.

Silently, he flicked a bead out as he wanted to use a Space Beacon to save his life; however, the Royal Lord was extremely vigilant and didn’t even let something as small as a Space Beacon off. From a distance, he cast an attack and destroyed the Space Beacon.

Yang Kai secretly cursed at the Royal Lord. Since he was unable to make use of Space Beacons, he could only try to cut off the aura on him if he wanted to make use of Space Principles.

After giving it some thought, Yang Kai decided to engulf himself in Purifying Light. There was no doubt that Purifying Light was the archnemesis of Black Ink Strength, but he wasn’t sure if this power could cut off the Royal Lord’s aura.

Aura was invisible, but strictly speaking, it was also a form of Divine Sense. Since Purifying Light could restrain the Black Ink Clan’s power, it could also theoretically cut off a thread of aura.

What disappointed Yang Kai was that as he was covered in the Purifying Light, the aura wasn’t thrown off. However, he was pleasantly surprised at the fact that even though the aura locked onto him, he was able to isolate himself from it temporarily.

The next moment, he pushed Space Principles and disappeared from the spot. At the same time, a brutal force came at him from a distance. Apparently, the Royal Lord wanted to kill Yang Kai upon seeing that the latter was about to flee.

When a battered Yang Kai reappeared in a place that was a few million kilometres away, he sprayed out a mouthful of blood.

He was hampered at the most critical moment of activating Instantaneous Movement and failed to cross a distance that was as far as he’d hoped and instead landed in the wrong place. Even though he was injured, he had gotten rid of the threat for now at the very least.

However, before Yang Kai could catch a breath, the Purifying Light around him dissipated. As soon as that happened, the Royal Lord’s aura locked onto him again.

“Bastard!” Yang Kai cursed. He felt his own aura trembling and his power becoming intermittent. At that moment, he was unable to manipulate Space Principles again, so he had no choice but to fly forward.

He had suffered several setbacks because of this Royal Lord, and even though he had consumed a lot of Spirit Pills, his wounds had only gotten worse.

Fortunately, being an Ancient Dragon, he had a robust body. Given enough time, his injuries would heal themselves.

A moment later, the small advantage he had gained by using Instantaneous Movement to move across millions of kilometres was wiped out. The distance between them was shortening fast.

Feeling the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Strength undulating behind him, as though a Secret Technique was about to be cast, Yang Kai once again engulfed himself with Purifying Light and isolated himself from the other party’s aura. Then, he did the same thing by activating Instantaneous Movement.

The Royal Lord had no choice but to stop using his Secret Technique and detonate the aura which was near Yang Kai, forcing the latter from the Void a few million kilometres away.

Again, Yang Kai sprayed out a mouthful of blood.

The same thing repeatedly happened to the point where Yang Kai was infuriated. On the other hand, the Royal Lord, who had been relentless, was also cursing non-stop. He had never expected that despite being a Royal Lord, it would be so hard for him to end the life of a puny Seventh-Order Human.