Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5418, Pursuit and Escape

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Before this war, the sheep-headed Royal Lord had never dealt with Humans, so his knowledge of them was limited to what he had gathered from the Black Ink Nest Space.

After leaving the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, he immediately engaged in an intense battle with a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. It was a fight between two equally matched opponents and in fact, he found himself at a slight disadvantage almost from the start, so he truly admired that Ninth-Order Master’s power.

But what was happening now? He felt disgusted by having to chase after Yang Kai, unlike his fight against the Ninth-Order Master a while back. When dealing with the Ninth-Order Master, he just had to exert all his strength in a life-and-death struggle; however, when pursuing this Seventh-Order Master, he felt helpless despite having far greater strength.

As such, there was an awkward scene in the void where a Seventh-Order Human was unable to get rid of a Royal Lord, who, on the other hand, couldn’t capture the Seventh-Order Human.

Initially, the Eighth-Order Masters coming from the battlefield could still see some traces and follow them. Nevertheless, barely a day later, they had completely lost track of Yang Kai and the Royal Lord.

One repeatedly manipulated Space Principles while the other could move extremely quickly. Eighth-Order Masters like them were unable to catch them.

One of the Eighth-Order Masters who had tan skin said grimly, “Damn it! Little friend Yang is in danger.”

If they were able to reach the two of them, they might have been able to help Yang Kai; however, given their strength, the most likely outcome would be their deaths. Since Yang Kai and the Royal Lord were nowhere to be seen though, how were they supposed to find them in this vast void?

Without their help, could a Seventh-Order Junior like Yang Kai even hope to get rid of a Royal Lord’s pursuit? Despite being a Master of the Dao of Space, he couldn’t possibly persevere for long.

The others remained silent, but they shared the same sentiment. After they exchanged glances, another Eighth-Order Master sighed, “Perhaps this is his fate. Let’s go back.”

The war was still raging, and as Eighth-Order Masters, they had to return to make some contributions. Doing nothing in this place was meaningless.

Being Eighth-Order Masters, they were all decisive people. Since they were unable to save Yang Kai, they wouldn’t force themselves, so they returned to the battlefield.

On the other hand, Yang Kai kept activating Purifying Light to separate himself from the Royal Lord’s aura before using Instantaneous Movement to widen the gap between them. When the gap shortened to a certain point, he would do it again.

By doing so, he could ensure his safety with some difficulty; nevertheless, it was impossible for him to completely get rid of this Royal Lord.

Aware of this fact as well, the Royal Lord relentlessly pursued him. Regardless of how hard Yang Kai tried, he was unable to escape this Royal Lord.

Having witnessed Yang Kai’s methods, the Royal Lord soon acclimatised himself to the strangeness of Space Principles. Although he was indeed unable to stop Yang Kai from using Instantaneous Movement after the latter used Purifying Light to block his aura, he could still bombard the Void itself from a distance the moment Yang Kai activated his Space Secret Technique.

Without much effort, he could harass and disrupt Yang Kai.

By doing so, he could ensure that Yang Kai wouldn’t be able to move across a long distance by using Instantaneous Movement, and Yang Kai would always arrive at a place that was different from what he had expected.

On Yang Kai’s end, he knew that his current method of escaping was dangerous. Since he was unable to determine where he would re-appear after using Instantaneous Movement, he was taking a chance with his life each time he teleported; however, he couldn’t care less at this point as stopping would mean certain death.

He could risk using Instantaneous Movement or die. By using the Instantaneous Movement, he stood a chance to survive, and as long as he wasn’t too unlucky, he wouldn’t come across any real danger. Also, he had figured out the Royal Lord’s plan.

The Royal Lord must have figured it was fine if he couldn’t capture his target for now. As long as he relentlessly chased after Yang Kai and made sure the latter was within his detection range, Yang Kai would eventually exhaust his strength.

Regardless of how ample the heritage of a Seventh-Order Human’s Small Universe was, there was a limit to it. Even though this Human brat could replenish his energy with pills, he should only be capable of persevering for a while longer.

On the other hand, the Royal Lord was barely expending any of his strength or stamina, so he had ample time to hunt down Yang Kai.

Realizing the other party’s thought process, Yang Kai secretly sneered. If this was indeed the Royal Lord’s plan, he was bound to be disappointed.

During the war some time ago, Yang Kai had indeed exhausted himself, but after he consumed a lot of Spirit Pills and a Low-Rank World Fruit, the heritage in his Small Universe had mostly been restored. Furthermore, as the living beings in his Small Universe went through the vicissitudes of life, they continuously helped increase his heritage.

Having said that, he would eventually run out of energy if this dragged on for too long. All the same, he had more than one Low-Rank World Fruit, and although he didn’t have many of them, they could allow him to persevere for a while longer.

Once again, Yang Kai was disturbed while using Instantaneous Movement. When he abruptly appeared somewhere, his five viscera and six organs weltered and he started seeing stars. To say that he was feeling uncomfortable would be a gross understatement.

Before he could pull himself together though, a remnant Divine Ability came at him from a nearby place.

An astounded Yang Kai hurriedly dodged.

Fortunately, the Divine Ability was quite weak, so despite looking magnificent, it wasn’t lethal and Yang Kai quickly evaded it.

He had arrived at the Late Ancient Era battlefield. Basically, he had rushed back along the route the Human Race Army had used on the crusade and made it past the region that could be considered the Spiritless Land.

When they initially arrived here, the Humans had no idea why this vast area of void was a Spiritless Land. It wasn’t until Cang explained to them that it was the Black Ink Clan’s doing to prevent him and the other Martial Ancestors from replenishing their energy.

After crossing the vast Spiritless Land, one would arrive at the Late Ancient Era battlefield.

In the Late Ancient Era, the Humans and the Black Ink Clan fought for 10,000 years without pause, causing countless people to lose their lives. As such, there were a lot of hidden dangers on this battlefield. Many restrictions and Divine Abilities remained dormant, but they would explode if someone approached them. The Great Passes had suffered miserably when they passed this area.

Yang Kai knew that he was no match for the sheep-headed Royal Lord, and he couldn’t even get rid of him using Space Principles; therefore, he decided to make use of this Late Ancient Era battlefield.

Although he had to be careful as well, it was better than letting the other party keep chasing him. Perhaps he could make use of the hidden dangers in this place to shake off his pursuer.

The Divine Abilities and restrictions in the periphery were weak, so Yang Kai ignored them and charged towards the battlefield’s depths. Wherever he went, the dormant Divine Abilities and restrictions would be triggered. Like cats that caught a whiff of fish, they all came alive and pounced.

A few Divine Abilities and restrictions were triggered the moment Yang Kai arrived, striking at him almost instantaneously.

Fortunately, he was able to run swiftly. As a result, those Divine Abilities and restrictions turned into flashes of light that relentlessly followed after him.

It was not long before there seemed to be a tail of colourful lights behind Yang Kai. After moving across some distance, the energy of some lights was used up as they dissipated; however, even more Divine Abilities and restrictions joined, so the light tail only enlarged.

As for the majority of the Divine Abilities and restrictions, they were sluggish to react as they had remained dormant for far too long. They were only activated a short time after Yang Kai brushed past them. As a result, the Royal Lord, who was chasing after Yang Kai, became the target of these Divine Abilities and restrictions.

A short time later, there was a longer and more brilliant tail of lights that was behind the Royal Lord.

Initially, the Royal Lord wasn’t concerned about the light tail behind him. He was one of the most powerful Masters in the world, so why would he be bothered by these worn-out Divine Abilities and restrictions?

However, as time passed, the light tail grew and grew. The innumerable restrictions and Divine Abilities intertwined with each other. Some of them clashed and wore each other down, but others synergized and merged, evolving into something entirely different from their original form. At this point, even a powerful Master like him felt threatened.

Therefore, the Royal Lord hastened his pace as he knew that he would be in trouble once the light tail caught up with him.

On the other hand, Yang Kai was running as fast as he could. Even though the light tail behind him was smaller than that of the Royal Lord, he was much weaker than the other party, so it was still lethal to him.

As time passed, the distance between them shortened again.

All of a sudden, the Royal Lord recalled that this guy named Yang Kai was able to leap across the Void and wondered, [What would happen to the light tail behind him if he uses that teleportation technique?]

Before he could figure it out, he saw Yang Kai turning to look at him with an eerie grin. He had been chasing after Yang Kai for quite a while, but it was the first time he had a bad premonition. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The next instant, the power of Space Principles undulated and without hesitation, the Royal Lord pointed at his opponent and struck from afar.

Yang Kai disappeared from the spot, but the next moment, he reappeared in a place that was a couple million kilometres away.

Initially, even if he was interrupted by the Royal Lord when using Instantaneous Movement, he could cross a distance of roughly 10 million kilometres; however, he only managed to traverse some 3 million kilometres this time. It went to show how chaotic the space and energy in this Late Ancient Era battlefield was.

Still, it was enough, as after losing Yang Kai, the light tail that had been chasing him started showing signs of becoming dormant again, only to become attracted to the Royal Lord’s aura a moment later.

With a livid expression, the Royal Lord watched as the light tail, which was initially chasing after Yang Kai, turned around and came at him.

Enraged, the Royal Lord madly activated his Black Ink Strength and swelled up into a giant. As a roar reverberated across the void, he punched out and destroyed the light tails in front of and behind him.

When Yang Kai saw that from afar, he couldn’t help but shudder.

In the end, he was still a Royal Lord. It was naive of Yang Kai to think that he could make use of these dormant Divine Abilities and restrictions on this Late Ancient Era battlefield to deal with this kind of opponent. Left with no choice, he could only keep running for his life.

After suffering such a setback, the Royal Lord became even more ruthless as he shattered all the Divine Abilities and restrictions along the way so that they wouldn’t gather together to pursue him.

On the other hand, Yang Kai did his best to quicken his pace.

The Royal Lord was furious. Perhaps he had become irritated from chasing after his prey for so long. If Yang Kai was captured by the Royal Lord in such a situation, he reckoned that the other party would certainly torture him to death.

After moving around the Late Ancient Era battlefield for a month, Yang Kai dismally realised that he had become lost.

His initial plan was simple. Since he wasn’t a match for this Royal Lord, he could make use of the restrictions and Divine Abilities on the Late Ancient Era battlefield to distract him. By doing so, he would stand a chance to shake him off his trail.

Even if he couldn’t achieve his goal by making use of the Late Ancient Era battlefield, he could still cross this place and head to the No-Return Pass,

The Dragon and Phoenix Clans were standing guard at the No-Return Pass, and with a Divine Dragon and Divine Phoenix who were even more powerful than Ninth-Order Masters, if this Royal Lord chased him all the way to the No-Return Pass, he would be doomed.

Certainly, there was a huge risk to take, for it would take Yang Kai a long time to arrive at the No-Return Pass.

Back then, after the Humans set off on the crusade, it took them several years to arrive at Mo’s whereabouts. Even though Yang Kai was a Master of the Dao of Space, which allowed him to move extremely quickly, in his current battered state, and not fully able to make use of his Space Principles, he estimated it would take him about a year to reach the No-Return Pass.