Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5419, Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai wasn’t even sure if he could survive a Royal Lord’s pursuit for several months, let alone a whole year; however, it was already the best solution he could think of. Regardless, his plan had been derailed, for he had lost his way.

Everywhere he looked on this vast Late Ancient Era battlefield, everything looked the same, so he couldn’t tell where he was or where he should head. Initially, he was still confident he was moving in the right direction, but he had been interrupted by the sheep-headed Royal Lord on several occasions when using Instantaneous Movement, which resulted in him reappearing in random places. Now, he wasn’t even sure which direction the No-Return Pass was in.

Left with no choice, he could only keep activating his Space Secret Technique to run for his life, for the other party seemed determined to destroy him.

Nevertheless, things were only getting worse. As Yang Kai traversed this Late Ancient Era battlefield, regardless of how careful he was, he couldn’t avoid getting hurt by the dormant restrictions and Divine Abilities. For the past month, he kept getting injured, so instead of healing from his wounds, his injuries had turned worse.

As though realising that Yang Kai was at a dead end, the Royal Lord became even more ruthless.

Yang Kai knew that if this dragged on, he wouldn’t be able to persevere for long; however, it was unlikely that he could get rid of this Royal Lord. As he was running away, he gritted his teeth and looked in a particular direction.

Over there, a gigantic cloud of fog covered a vast region of the Void. Although Yang Kai was many millions of kilometres away, the fog bank still looked enormous.

It was a Celestial Phenomenon!

Years after the Humans set off on their crusade, they came across a lot of different Celestial Phenomena that came in a myriad of forms and sizes. Regardless, all of them shared a common trait; they gave off a dangerous vibe.

Yang Kai had not explored any of those Celestial Phenomena. On the other hand, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had barged into one on a whim a while back, but when she returned, she refused to say what she had seen inside. She only said that it was extremely dangerous and even a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master like her was at risk of losing her life if she remained inside.

Therefore, as those from Great Evolution Pass crossed this place, they would always make a detour whenever they came across a Celestial Phenomena lest they fall into mortal danger.

No one knew how these Celestial Phenomena were formed. Perhaps it had something to do with the clash between the Humans and the Black Ink Clan in the Late Ancient Era, or perhaps they were naturally born.

The Humans knew little about this area of the void behind the Royal Cities.

The Celestial Phenomenon that looked like a fog bank was the only one Yang Kai could see right now and he had no idea how dangerous it was; however, it wasn’t like he had a choice now as he was pursued by a Royal Lord. If he couldn’t find a way to turn things around, he would just be waiting for death. Even if there were some dangers within the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon, they were the least of his concerns.

Apparently, the Royal Lord saw the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon as well and there was a hint of doubt behind his gaze.

Yang Kai had seen quite many Celestial Phenomena, but it was the first time the Royal Lord came across one, so he had no idea what it was.

Regardless, when he saw Yang Kai heading towards the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon all of a sudden, he understood the latter’s intention. As he quickened his pace, the distance between them shortened.

However, the Seventh-Order boy was just too slippery. When his opponent was close enough, he teleported and disappeared once again, widening the gap between them.

When he scanned the Celestial Phenomenon with his Divine Sense, Yang Kai was surprised, for he couldn’t feel any danger from this dense fog. It was very strange indeed. The Celestial Phenomena he had seen in the past all exuded dangerous auras, but this Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon appeared somewhat special.

With that said, things had come to such a point where there was no turning back. Having made up his mind, Yang Kai crashed into the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon.

Following that, he realised that something was off. He couldn’t detect any danger when he was outside the Celestial Phenomenon, but once he was inside, he immediately found himself in a perilous situation.

An ominous aura engulfed him, like death itself. At that moment, all his hair stood on end as he activated the power of his Small Universe and raised his guard as high as it would go.

Outside the Celestial Phenomenon, the Royal Lord was stunned. That was because he lost track of Yang Kai the moment the latter entered the Celestial Phenomenon.

The brat named Yang Kai seemed to have entered another world as even his Divine Sense was unable to penetrate the fog and find out what was going on inside. After a moment of hesitation, he, too, dashed inside.

The next instant, he was baffled by what he saw. Yang Kai was indeed in the fog, but at this moment, he seemed to be battling against an invisible enemy.

His World Force burst forth, and his Golden Blood spattered. Within a breath, he was completely battered. As a Dragon Roar reverberated, Yang Kai even transformed into his 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon Form. Still, he was unable to ward off the danger within the fog as even his Dragon Scales were being blown off.

The Royal Lord was perplexed as he had no idea what was going on.

However, he didn’t have time to ponder on it. Just like Yang Kai, the moment he stepped into the fog, he was deluged with an enormous sense of crisis that came at him from all directions, which prompted him to madly push his Black Ink Strength.

Soon, he realised what Yang Kai was fighting against. There seemed to be immense pressure that was intent on crushing him to death.

Certainly, he wouldn’t stand idly by and wait for death to come. He immediately activated his power to push back against the fog. At the same time, he tried to leave this area.

What shocked him was that, even though he had moved backwards a long distance, he still couldn’t escape the fog.

He had just entered this Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon, so he should have been able to leave by taking a single big step back; however, as though a mysterious force had sealed off this space, he was unable to escape.

The pressure around him intensified, and left with no choice, he could only surge his power to resist it. From the corner of his eye, he could see that the 70,000 metres Ancient Dragon had stopped moving and now hovered in the distance. Half of his Dragon Scales were gone, and his entire figure was soaked in blood, making him look totally battered.

Seemingly having lost consciousness, Yang Kai reverted from a Dragon back into a Human.

[Is he dead?] The Royal Lord found it hard to believe. He had been chasing after this Human for so long but hadn’t managed to kill him; yet now, this brat had lost his life just like that. At that instant, the Royal Lord had some conflicted feelings.

Regardless, he wasn’t in the mood to find out whether Yang Kai was dead or alive because he realised he had come across the biggest crisis of his life. If he couldn’t find a way out, and soon, he would be accompanying this Human to the Yellow Springs.

…..

A long time later, Yang Kai finally regained consciousness and immediately realised some energy fluctuations were coming from a nearby place.

Instantly, he recalled what he had gone through before he blacked out. To shake off the Royal Lord’s pursuit, he barged into a Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon and faced a mysterious attack. He tried his best to resist the pressure coming from all directions, but in the end, he was in so much pain that he passed out.

He still hadn’t figured out what it was in the fog that had attacked him. Although he was equally puzzled why he was still alive, he hurriedly circulated his power and kept his guard up. The next instant, his expression darkened, [Here it comes again!] Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Just a dozen breaths later, he once again passed out due to the pressure coming from all directions.

[He’s a Royal Lord, after all. I’ll pass out again soon, but this guy is still engaged in an intense battle. He’s simply more powerful than I am!]

…

When Yang Kai woke up for the second time, he once again felt energy fluctuations nearby, and they were even more violent this time. He hurriedly turned his head and saw the Royal Lord casting a Divine Ability. Black Ink Strength billowed from his body and turned into a gigantic illusory phantom before it covered him like a protective film.

At this moment, the Royal Lord was in a sorry state. He was badly wounded and his aura was unstable while he was covered in dark blood.

Seeing that, Yang Kai snickered. It was indeed embarrassing that he had blacked out twice, and he didn’t even know who his enemy was; regardless, it seemed he had made the right decision by diving into this Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon.

At the very least, the Royal Lord had also suffered a setback.

But soon, Yang Kai became doubtful. He had passed out twice, so if there was really an invisible enemy in the fog, why hadn’t it seized the chance to kill him?

Moreover, as he carefully reviewed what he had gone through, Yang Kai found that the odd pressure didn’t feel like a kind of attack. Instead, it was like an automatic response, similar to the effect of some arrays.

Quite a number of arrays could do the same by reflecting one’s own strength to wound them.

After giving it some thought, Yang Kai decided to not immediately make any moves. He just secretly activated his power and kept his guard up.

Just like what had happened previously, he felt pressure coming from all directions. The last time, he subconsciously tried to resist and push the pressure away, but this time he didn’t make a move and instead let the pressure do as it pleased.

He still felt some discomfort, but it was bearable. Still, even this mild force had irritated his wounds, causing him to gasp.

After remaining still for a moment, Yang Kai realised the pressure didn’t intensify. As he pondered on it, he stopped circulating his World Force entirely and completely relaxed.

Just like he had expected, as his power dissipated and he became at ease, the pressure coming from all directions diminished and eventually disappeared.

Upon that realization, Yang Kai was dumbstruck. There was no invisible enemy in this fog; in fact, he was his own enemy. Although he had no idea how this Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon was formed, he believed that it was similar to a powerful Reflection Array.

The pressure that came at him was actually caused by him. As he let his power go, the pressure also vanished. Yang Kai was torn between tears and laughter as he realized that he had blacked out twice because he was essentially bludgeoning himself.

As he glanced at the Royal Lord, who was still fighting against the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai felt a bit better about himself. At least he wasn’t the only idiot in this place.