Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5423, Void Ant Spiders

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Although Yang Kai hoped that the sheep headed Royal Lord could get him out of this place, the other party was naturally not so kind-hearted. As long as the Royal Lord could corrupt these five small ant spiders with Black Ink Strength, he could take control of Yang Kai.

Seeing that the dark tide was about to swallow the little ant spiders, Yang Kai activated his Divine Sense and sent a transmission to the two larger spiders, “If you keep watching and do nothing, your children will be doomed! He’s a Black Ink Clansman!” Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Yang Kai had no idea if these two large ant spiders had any spirituality, nor could he be certain whether they understood what he said; however, if he wanted to survive today, he had to provoke them into action.

The best outcome would be the large ant spiders getting into a fight with the Royal Lord; that way, he could watch the show from the sidelines.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai was bound to be disappointed, for the large ant spiders were unperturbed by his words. Even though they still remained in their nest, they just stared vigilantly at the Royal Lord without acting.

Unlike Yang Kai, this Royal Lord gave off a great sense of danger, which was why they had to keep their guard up yet didn’t dare make any rash moves.

At this point, the dark tide had engulfed the five small ant spiders, which were unable to resist as the Black Ink Strength instantly corrupted them. In just a moment, they were stained with Black Ink Strength and their originally bright eyes turned dark.

Finally realising something was wrong, the two large ant spiders started squirming anxiously and hissed.

The little ant spiders turned violent all of a sudden. They spat out threads of silk that turned into spider webs that further restrained Yang Kai.

The spider webs were not only robust, but also able to trap people. Yang Kai had suffered a setback because of them already, so he was wary of such things. Understanding the situation was deteriorating, he directly used Golden Crow Casts the Sun.

A Great Sun leaped from behind him and a Golden Crow cawed as a scorching heat spread out.

Many spider webs melted, but they came in such large quantities that even Golden Crow Casts the Sun was unable to ward them all off. Within moments, the Great Sun disappeared, and the spider webs covered Yang Kai, wrapping him up tight.

The little ant spiders surrounded him and wielded their legs; however, as soon as they got close, Yang Kai’s figure faded and disappeared. It was nothing more than an illusion.

Just as the little ant spiders were baffled, Yang Kai appeared in front of one of them with his spear in hand. With a solemn expression, he surged his World Force as his Azure Dragon Spear transformed into innumerable spear shadows and engulfed the ant spider.

In an instant, the little ant spider was rooted to the spot. All its eyes exploded and green liquid burst out of its wounds. Following that, even its head exploded.

At that moment earlier, Yang Kai had struck the ant spider countless times. Sparks were formed as his Azure Dragon Spear came into contact with its armoured head.

Even though these little ant spiders had strange abilities and formidable strength, they were still just equivalent to Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters; therefore, it wasn’t hard for Yang Kai to kill them.

The reason he didn’t make a move earlier was that the spider webs in the void had greatly restricted his movements. Moreover, he was wary of the two large ant spiders, so he didn’t dare to kill the little ones.

The moment the little ant spider was killed, the other four were astounded as they hurriedly retreated.

Surprisingly, Yang Kai saw the shadow of a Space Secret Technique in that attack. The pointed leg broke through the blockage of space and stabbed at him.

A flabbergasted Yang Kai knew that he had underestimated these large ant spiders so he promptly raised his spear to block the attack.

The next instant, a violent force came right at his face and his Azure Dragon Spear was almost knocked away from him. Upon impact, he was sent flying away while he sprayed out a mouthful of blood.

Shortly after that, he fell into a spider web with his limbs spread wide. Regardless of how hard he tried, he was unable to break free from the restraint.

The other large ant spider that hadn’t made a move charged forward. Its figure was elusive, and with the blessing of Space Principles, it kept disappearing and reappearing as it approached Yang Kai.

Seeing that, Yang Kai felt his heart thumping in his chest, knowing that the Void Ant Spiders had cultivated the Dao of Space. Perhaps it was their Bloodline Talent.

“What are you waiting for!?” Faced with the danger, Yang Kai growled as a golden light radiated from him and Cang’s aura spread out again.

The Royal Lord’s face fell when he saw that. He initially wanted to use the ant spiders’ to kill Yang Kai, but he had no choice now but to order the four little ant spiders to protect him.

While reaching for Yang Kai, the large ant spider was evidently startled. It had no idea why its children were going against it. Then, it started hissing as though it was communicating with the smaller ant spiders, but having been corrupted by Black Ink Strength, the little ant spiders ignored it and started attacking.

At that instant, the large ant spider was flustered.

The large ant spider that had attacked Yang Kai earlier probably had some degree of sentience, and realising something, it spat out a web to cover the Royal Lord in the distance.

The Royal Lord snorted and evaded the spider web; however, the spider web expanded suddenly and covered a vast area of the void.

The surprised Royal Lord was instantly trapped, and before he could destroy the spider web, the large ant spider dashed towards him.

Still stuck to the spider web, Yang Kai was ecstatic when he saw that as he complained to himself, [They should have just fought from the start!]

With no one harassing him anymore, he could now find a chance to flee.

Without hesitation, Yang Kai surged his Golden Crow’s True Fire.

The silk threads were robust and sticky, but based on his previous experience of using Golden Crow Casts the Sun, Yang Kai was confident that he could destroy these spider webs with his flames.

This time, he summoned his Golden Crow’s True Fire as his World Force burned madly. Soon, he turned into a fireball, and as expected, the spider webs around him began melting.

When the Royal Lord, who was fighting against the large ant spider, saw this, he widened his eyes in disbelief and raised his hand to swat the ant spider away.

Although the large ant spider had a power that was equivalent to the peak of the Eighth-Order, and the Royal Lord was heavily injured, there was still a huge gap between their strengths.

If the Royal Lord wanted to kill the large ant spider, it would only take him 10 breaths to do so.

On the other hand, Yang Kai, who had just broken free from the spider web, felt his chest tightening as he realized he had underestimated the Royal Lord.

Back then, by using the Demon Eye of Annihilation, Yang Kai could see that the Royal Lord was horribly injured and even had the urge to fight it out with him. Now, it was apparent that if he had done so, he would’ve ended up in a horrible state. Although the Royal Lord had been weakened, he was still significantly more powerful than Yang Kai.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but admire himself for being able to escape from this Royal Lord for such a long time.

After driving the large ant spider off, the Royal Lord immediately tried to pin down Yang Kai; however, the large ant spider came at him again.

Infuriated, the Royal Lord threw out his fist with greater strength than the previous time and a dent was instantly formed on the ant spider’s head. It wasn’t clear whether it was dead or alive at this point.

Then, the Royal Lord bolted towards Yang Kai.

Currently, Yang Kai’s figure was burning with fire as he broke through layers of spider webs. Three breaths of time later, there were no more restraints.

Then, he activated Purifying Light and blocked the Royal Lord’s aura. The next instant, Space Principles undulated as he disappeared from the spot.

The moment Yang Kai disappeared, the Royal Lord’s aura exploded.

After such a long time, the Royal Lord had learned how to deal with Yang Kai’s Instantaneous Movement. If he did nothing, this Seventh-Order Human could move across a vast distance with ease, and although he was unable to stop Yang Kai from using Instantaneous Movement altogether, he could effectively interrupt the latter by bombarding the Void with his aura.

As expected, barely a million kilometres away, Yang Kai fell from the Void while spitting blood. Without turning his head, he continued charging forward.

“You think you can escape?” Incensed, the Royal Lord raced after him.

After they were gone, the large ant spider with a dent in its head shook its body and turned to look at its partner and four children that were still locked in an intense battle.

Even though the little ant spiders were no match for the large ant spider, the latter didn’t have the heart to kill them.

…..

Yang Kai and the Royal Lord seemed to have returned to the time before they had barged into the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon. They traversed the expansive void as one ran away from the other.

After crossing many billions of kilometres, they realised that there were no more worn-out Divine Abilities and restrictions left in the void.

It seemed that they were no longer in the Late Ancient Era battlefield. Even more wonderful Celestial Phenomena came into Yang Kai’s sight and they came in a significantly larger quantity than what could be seen on the Late Ancient Era battlefield.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but think that perhaps in the Late Ancient Era, that particular battlefield was also filled with Celestial Phenomena. However, many of them must have been destroyed during the epic conflict.

Every Celestial Phenomenon exuded a very dangerous aura, and having suffered a setback in the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai was wary of them now and would not dare to dive into any of them again.

Of course, inside the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai wasn’t the only one who had been made miserable. Even the Royal Lord had suffered a huge setback in that place as all his current wounds were formed while he was in the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon.

Right now, Yang Kai didn’t even have time to stop and activate the Universe Transference Law.

If he could activate the Universe Transference Law, he could make use of it to locate a Purifying Black Ink Battleship and rendezvous with his fellow Humans, but that was currently impossible.

Moreover, he had already lost his way, so he wasn’t sure how far away the Purifying Black Ink Battleships were from him. Even if he used the Universe Transference Law, he probably couldn’t connect to the Universe Array onboard one of the Purifying Black Ink Battleships.

After years of fleeing, he was still in an unfavourable position.