Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5424, Great Sea

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Every time Yang Kai used Instantaneous Movement, he would be struck by the sheep-headed Royal Lord. He could certainly bear the consequences of getting struck one or two times, but he had forgotten how many times he had been lambasted now.

After getting wounded repeatedly over the months, Yang Kai found it hard to heal his wounds despite having a Dragon Vein.

On the other hand, the Royal Lord remained the same as his injuries didn’t seem to exacerbate.

Yang Kai had to activate Instantaneous Movement more frequently, which meant that it was getting harder for him to shake off the Royal Lord. After some quick calculations, he realised that if nothing was done, he would be caught after less than half a year.

If his wounds were exacerbated, things would only get worse. That was why Yang Kai realized he had to make use of another Celestial Phenomenon.

Regardless of how strange those Celestial Phenomena were, he would be doomed if he didn’t do something. By making use of a Celestial Phenomenon, there was a chance he could survive. Upon making up his mind, Yang Kai continued to escape while scanning his surroundings.

Two months later, a vast area of blue that covered the void came into view.

Yang Kai fell into something of a daze at this sight. Although he had seen quite a number of Celestial Phenomena so far, the one before his eyes was definitely the largest and most staggering.

With it still being so far away, Yang Kai had no idea what this Celestial Phenomenon was, so he could only quicken his pace.

The Royal Lord behind him saw the Celestial Phenomenon as well and realised Yang Kai’s intention, so he also hastened himself. As he pushed his Black Ink Strength, his speed increased.

After what happened inside the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon, he couldn’t risk letting Yang Kai enter another one.

Yang Kai’s expression changed when he realised the Royal Lord’s aura was getting closer to him. Without hesitation, he manipulated Space Principles and left using Instantaneous Movement.

The next instant, he fell from the Void and sprayed out a mouthful of blood. Even so, he happened to find himself right in front of the Celestial Phenomenon.

When Yang Kai made out what the Celestial Phenomenon was, he was astounded.

From afar, he could see that the Celestial Phenomenon was vividly blue, but he had no idea what it was. It wasn’t until he was right in front of it that he realised it was a Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon. It was a Great Sea that occupied a massive region of the Void.

Before this, if anyone told him that there was a Great Sea floating in the void, he wouldn’t have believed them. But at this moment, there was indeed a vast ocean before his eyes. He couldn’t help but think that there were too many unknown secrets in the Universe.

However, the Great Sea seemed to be dead. The water was so still there wasn’t even a ripple. At the same time, Yang Kai failed to detect any danger coming from it.

However, he had learned from his experience with the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon that he shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. Only by entering this Great Sea would he find out if there was any danger inside.

Standing in front of the Great Sea, Yang Kai turned around and saw the Royal Lord charging towards him with an anxious expression on his face. His inaction seemed to have made the Royal Lord misunderstand something though as he shouted, “Given your current state, you’ll undoubtedly die if you go in! Why not just surrender without a fight?”

Yang Kai grinned at the Royal Lord before cocking his head to spit out some blood. After cursing the Royal Lord, he turned around and leaped into the sea boldly and without hesitation, with the thought that if he was going to die, it would be on his terms, not at the hands of the enemy!

The Royal Lord’s expression changed, stunned by Yang Kai’s resoluteness.

A moment later, he reached the Great Sea and scanned it. Next, he pushed his Black Ink Strength to engulf himself and plunged into the Celestial Phenomenon.

Soon, the Royal Lord leapt out of the Great Sea with a gloomy expression.

The Great Sea appeared perfectly tranquil from outside, but the moment he entered he realised it was extremely turbulent inside. The currents were complex and intertwined and moved with astonishing force inside the Great Sea.

The Royal Lord was shocked to find that the undercurrents were so violent that he was unable to withstand them despite his strength. Three breaths of time after he entered it, his Black Ink Strength protection was already heavily worn down.

Fortunately, the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon was unlike the previous one. When he barged into the Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon back then, he was unable to leave no matter how he tried; however, he was able to break free from the undercurrents here with brute force.

The Royal Lord didn’t think the Seventh-Order Human named Yang Kai could survive in such an environment. Besides believing that Yang Kai was doomed to die, he also understood that the currents in the Great Sea were constantly shifting, so finding him would be all but impossible.

As he hovered in the void, a myriad of expressions came over the Royal Lord’s face. After debating on it for a moment, he turned around and left. Soon, he moved a dead Universe World to the periphery of the Great Sea.

There were countless dead Universe Worlds like this one in the void. As he pursued Yang Kai all this time, he had come across many of them; therefore, it wasn’t hard to find one.

The Universe World was fairly large, but compared with the Great Sea, it was like an ant standing in front of an elephant.

The Royal Lord stared fixedly at the Great Sea for a moment before spitting some extremely pure and dense Black Ink Strength from his mouth. The Black Ink Strength didn’t dissipate like normal however and soon condensed into a flower bud.

It was a Black Ink Nest!

Royal Lords like him who came out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction each carried their own Black Ink Nests with them. That was because Mo hoped that they would defeat the Humans and occupy the 3,000 Worlds, and in turn, return to extricate it from its prison.

Black Ink Nests were the foundation of the Black Ink Clan, so the Royal Lords would naturally carry them wherever they went.

The Royal Lord held the Black Ink Nest in his hands. He looked at it with such devotion that it was as though it was the most sacred treasure to him. Soon, he planted the Black Ink Nest and infused his Black Ink Strength into it.

The Black Ink Nest expanded rapidly and bloomed. In just half a month, many Black Ink Clansmen stepped out of the Black Ink Nest. After saluting the Royal Lord, they dispersed.

Gazing at the Great Sea, the Royal Lord snorted. Although he believed that Yang Kai was doomed, he couldn’t afford to take any chances. During this period of time, he had witnessed this Seventh-Order Human using all sorts of strange methods, so he knew it would be difficult to kill him. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Perhaps this brat named Yang Kai could break free from the Great Sea. As such, he had to stay.

However, since he was on his own, the Royal Lord couldn’t monitor the entire periphery of the Great Sea. Having said that, he had his Black Ink Nest to depend on.

Given enough time and resources, he could simply spawn enough servants to surround the entire Great Sea. If Yang Kai managed to escape, he would immediately find out about it.

Moreover, the Royal Lord was badly injured, so he could take this opportunity to recuperate. It was like killing two birds with one stone, so he chose to stay here.

As time passed, the Black Ink Nest became larger and larger and even more Black Ink Clansmen began appearing in the dead Universe World.

These Black Ink Clansmen would then spread out through the void to mine resources, which would then be deposited into the Black Ink Nest to produce even more Black Ink Clansmen.

..…

Inside the Great Sea, Yang Kai felt dizzy. He was horribly wounded, and there wasn’t a single part of his body that wasn’t bloodstained and lacerated.

He had transformed into his 70,000 metres Ancient Dragon Form, but still found it hard to resist the violent currents in the Great Sea. All his Dragon Scales were gone by this point, and his skin was covered in black bruises. Dragon Blood streamed out of his wounds constantly.

The undercurrents were not the only thing he had to deal with. Even though it was difficult, he could still persevere with his Ancient Dragon Form against those turbulent flows. What made him truly helpless was that the undercurrents contained many different sorts of Martial Domains.

The Five Element Dao Essence swirled and transformed in the undercurrents while some flows even contained potent Sword Dao Essence that cut through the skin of Yang Kai’s Dragon Form.

Every undercurrent was like a powerful Master surging their might to attack foreign enemies.

Yang Kai was swept from one undercurrent to the next, enduring so much hardship that he almost passed out.

Before he barged into the Great Sea, he understood that he would have to face unimaginable danger inside, but the strangeness of this place still astounded him.

The strengths of the undercurrents varied greatly. When he came across weaker flows, he could seize the chance to catch his breath. In times like these, he would swallow some Spirit Pills to sustain his energy.

Initially, Yang Kai didn’t have a way to deal with these undercurrents as he just let them push him around in this Great Sea.

However, as time passed, he eventually began to adapt and ride these undercurrents to minimize the damage he took.

Despite that, he still couldn’t completely avoid the impact these undercurrents had on him.

Having said that, he knew that he was just stalling for time. Sooner or later, he would be killed by the undercurrents in the Great Sea.

He wanted to find a way out, but the undercurrents were turbulent without any regular patterns, so how was he supposed to achieve such a goal?

His injuries had gotten worse, and the World Force in his Small Universe was running out. Even though Low-Rank World Fruits could quickly replenish his World Force, Yang Kai had already used them all up when escaping from the Royal Lord. Now, he could only consume Open Heaven Pills to supplement his energy.

Once the power in his Small Universe dried up completely, the consequences would be dreadful. Therefore, he had to find a way out before then, or he would be doomed.

Yang Kai had tried releasing his Divine Sense to scan the surroundings, but the undercurrents simply shredded his Divine Sense, causing him excruciating pain.

The Great Sea was so vast though that there had to be somewhere that was calm. Yang Kai didn’t believe this entire place was filled with such powerful undercurrents.

Gritting his teeth, he released his Dragon Form and returned to his Human one. As he let the undercurrents sweep him away, he scanned the surroundings with his Divine Sense irrespective of the damage this act caused.

He felt a sharp pain in his head as the damage to his Divine Sense made his facial features contort. However, he could only soldier on.

A long time passed, but just as Yang Kai was about to lose hope, he suddenly detected that there was a nearby area that was far less violent. Elated, he hurriedly activated his power and swam towards it.

The process was strenuous as his flesh was peeled from his bones. As he wielded his Azure Dragon Spear, Yang Kai stubbornly made his way across the undercurrents of the Great Sea.

An hour later, he finally broke through the blockage of the present undercurrent he was occupying and barged into the next.

Scanning his surroundings, Yang Kai realised that the less violent area was actually moving away from him. Flustered, he madly activated his power.

He had no idea what it was like in that area, but he knew that if he missed this chance, there wouldn’t be a second one. He had never been more eager to survive in his life.

The pain in his body and Soul was so excruciating that he had almost turned numb. The only thought that occupied his mind was that he had to break through all the obstacles before him and survive.

“Break!” With a great roar, Yang Kai opened his mouth and spat out a round bead.