Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5430, Determined to Kill

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At this moment, a Feudal Lord was staring at the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon in front of him with a frown, sporting a doubtful expression.

He had a feeling that the Great Sea had changed somehow over the years. It seemed to have become smaller; however, the change was so gradual and minute that he wasn’t sure.

Then, he turned to look at the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest and hesitated about whether he should report this matter.

The Royal Lord was still recuperating, and although 500 years had passed, he still hadn’t fully recovered. If this Feudal Lord bothered him with a trivial matter, he was worried he would be punished.

[Perhaps I’m imagining things!]

The Feudal Lord shook his head. He had many companions who had been keeping an eye on this Great Sea as well, so if the Great Sea had really become smaller, the others would have noticed it.

Since none of them had detected it, the Feudal Lord believed that he must be overly worried.

While he was lost in his thoughts though, there was suddenly an anomaly in the Great Sea. With a start, he looked towards it intently.

He had been in this place for 300 years, but he had never seen any movement in the Great Sea, as though it was completely dead. It was odd that there were some ripples on this day.

Before he could see clearly what was happening, a figure bolted out of the Great Sea with a spear in hand. The person seemed to be fighting against an invisible enemy as his murderous intent surged and his World Force undulated.

When the person appeared, he happened to meet eyes with this Feudal Lord.

Both of them were startled, but the Feudal Lord soon came to his senses as he hurriedly retreated and howled to alert the others. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The Human that the Royal Lord had been waiting for had finally appeared!

Although the Feudal Lord had never seen Yang Kai before, he knew this was the target the Royal Lord had been looking for the moment the Human appeared.

Following the howl, the Azure Dragon Spear stabbed into the Feudal Lord’s mouth. As World Force burst forth, the Feudal Lord’s head exploded.

[Why is there a Feudal Lord here?] Yang Kai frowned. As he looked up, his doubt intensified because there was a Low-Rank Black Ink Nest on a Universe Fragment nearby. There were also quite a lot of Black Ink Clansmen wandering around this Universe Fragment.

Sweeping his eyes around, Yang Kai realized there were even more Black Ink Clansmen in the void that scattered around the Great Sea, as though they were monitoring something.

After giving it some thought, he realised what was going on.

[That Royal Lord sure is clever. I suppose he has been waiting for me to come out all this time. He must have had his own Black Ink Nest; otherwise, he couldn’t have nurtured so many Black Ink Clansmen. As soon as I left the Great Sea, regardless of direction, he’d immediately find out about it.]

It seemed that the Royal Lord never entered the Great Sea and instead was recuperating in the periphery over the years. But, how many years had Yang Kai been inside the Great Sea? Since the day he decided to leave the Great Sea, he had spent 200 years looking for a way out. During that period of time, he had simply been dragged around the undercurrents with no way to identify which direction he was headed.

Yang Kai almost lost hope after spending 200 years looking for a way out. Fortunately, his efforts had ultimately not been in vain.

Before he could ponder on this matter, a powerful aura awakened from a Universe World in the distance. Following that, he saw a burly figure shooting towards him like a meteor. Before the figure even arrived, he was engulfed in the familiar Royal Lord’s pressure.

[He’s quite quick!] Yang Kai knew that the Feudal Lords nearby must have informed the Royal Lord about his appearance through the Black Ink Nests.

The Feudal Lords in the void also started charging towards Yang Kai in an attempt to hold him down.

Yang Kai gripped his Azure Dragon Spear and grinned. Then, he dashed towards the Royal Lord, and everywhere he passed, all the Black Ink Clansmen exploded into blood mist.

In the void, the Royal Lord was startled as he wondered, [Why isn’t he running away?]

He initially thought that Yang Kai would immediately flee after leaving the Great Sea. Although this Human was weak, his skill at escaping was phenomenal.

Therefore, the moment he received the news from his subordinates, the Royal Lord dashed out of his Black Ink Nest as he was worried that Yang Kai would escape. To his surprise though, instead of running away, the Human came right at him.

What gave this Human brat such confidence? Had he forgotten about how battered he was while being chased by him 500 years ago?

Soon, however, the Royal Lord realised where the Human’s confidence came from.

As they got closer to each other, the Human’s aura surged and soon exceeded the limits of the Seventh Order before reaching the Eighth Order.

[He’s now in the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm!] The Royal Lord was startled. [He broke through!? This damned Great Sea is full of deadly danger. Back then, I couldn’t even stay inside for long. It would be considered lucky for this boy to have just survived, so how did he even manage to achieve a breakthrough? Did he come across some kind of astonishing opportunity inside the Great Sea?]

The Royal Lord’s expression darkened, [So what if he’s made it to the Eighth Order? I’m a Royal Lord!]

In the past, he was unable to kill the Human because he was horribly injured, so he couldn’t fully use his strength; however, after 500 years of recuperation, his wounds had mostly healed. Although he still wasn’t in peak condition, he was already much better than 500 years ago.

Even if there were five Eighth-Order Humans in front of him, he could easily deal with them, not to mention that Yang Kai was on his own.

The only worry the Royal Lord had was about Yang Kai running; as long as the latter didn’t try to escape, everything was fine!

As the two figures charged towards each other, the distance between them shortened rapidly. Their powerful auras clashed, and before they even exchanged moves, the void had started warping.

Suddenly, the Royal Lord lost sight of Yang Kai. The next instant, he was engulfed in a powerful sense of murderous intent and innumerable spear shadows.

At this moment, Yang Kai wielded his spear as he showcased the skills he had acquired in the Great Sea. With his own Spear Dao as the foundation, he weaved the Grand Daos of Luck, Yin, Yang, Life, Death, Five Elements, Karma, Murder, Bloodlust and many others together.

The power of his spear made the entire universe tremble. Even if there was a Territory Lord in front of him, he had the confidence to destroy him with this move. It was the strongest spear attack he had ever unleashed.

Faced with this exquisite series of attacks, the Royal Lord responded with pure brute force. Circulating his Black Ink Strength madly, he forcefully pushed out his fist.

The next instant, Yang Kai was sent flying away while he sprayed out a mouthful of Golden Blood.

Overwhelming power triumphed over 10,000 skills!

Although Yang Kai had acquired much in the Great Sea and comprehended numerous different Grand Daos, it still couldn’t make up for the huge discrepancy between their raw powers.

He hurriedly stabilised himself, but instead of feeling downcast, Yang Kai was thrilled. That was because he realised he was able to compete against a Royal Lord.

Before he entered the Great Sea, he couldn’t have imagined battling against a Royal Lord as the other party only needed to land a single punch to end his life.

But now, despite still looking battered, Yang Kai had managed to trade blows with a Royal Lord.

His breakthrough to the Eighth-Order and the assimilation of many different Grand Daos had improved his strength tremendously. Yang Kai was no longer the frail Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master he used to be.

The Royal Lord was also flabbergasted. After striking Yang Kai with that punch, he didn’t rush to pursue him and instead looked down intently at his fist.

All kinds of indescribable powers swirled around his fist and they also lingered in the void where they clashed. Those powers were inscrutable, as though they had something to do with the very foundation of energy and existence themselves, something he could not understand in the slightest.

But soon, he cast those distracting thoughts away and glared at Yang Kai, murderous intent burning in his eyes.

Some 500 years ago, this Human escaped from him by diving into the Great Sea, but after emerging, he had become significantly more powerful. The Royal Lord knew he could not let such a Human escape again; otherwise, many Black Ink Clansmen would die at his hands in the future. Therefore, he was determined to kill Yang Kai regardless of what it took.

On the other hand, Yang Kai had also decided to purge this Royal Lord at all costs.

It wasn’t that he was overly confident in himself because of the increase in his strength, but rather that he knew the secrets of this Great Sea and couldn’t afford to let this Royal Lord live.

There was no denying that the Great Sea was a massive treasure trove. Although he had been trapped inside for many years, Yang Kai had benefited enormously from the experience. Such a Celestial Phenomenon was hugely beneficial to all Humans, not just him.

Perhaps he could come back in the future and cultivate here again. As such, he couldn’t let the secrets of this place be leaked out.

If he allowed the Royal Lord to live, after witnessing Yang Kai’s massive growth in strength, the latter would surely dive into the Great Sea and possibly discover its secrets.

The Grand Daos in the undercurrents were useless to the Black Ink Clan, but they were beneficial to Black Ink Disciples.

They just had to bring some Black Ink Disciples with them to reap all the benefits of this Celestial Phenomenon.

To prevent such a thing from happening, Yang Kai had to kill this Royal Lord.

Moreover, it was obvious that this Royal Lord wouldn’t let him flee either. He had been waiting in this place for hundreds of years, so now that his enemy had appeared, there was no way he would let him off.

Today, either this Royal Lord died, or Yang Kai would perish!

It just so happened that both of them were determined to destroy each other. In the next instant, Yang Kai disappeared from the spot while the Royal Lord surged his Black Ink Strength and flapped his wings.

Following that, Yang Kai abruptly appeared behind the Royal Lord and thrust out his spear.

As though there was an eye on the Royal Lord’s back, he swung his hand out, his palm seemingly able to suppress the Heavens and the Earth.

Nevertheless, he realised he couldn’t grasp his target. Yang Kai’s afterimage dissipated in his hand while the true body reappeared on his left.

Having expected this though, the Royal Lord directly pushed out his fist. The moment Yang Kai appeared, it was as though he chose to crash into the opponent’s attack.

They had exchanged over 100 moves in an instant, but they weren’t going all out yet.

Yang Kai’s afterimages scattered around the void, as though there were dozens of him appearing at the same time. Before an afterimage dissipated, a new one had appeared.

As he repeatedly thrust out his spear, Yang Kai channeled all sorts of Grand Daos into his attacks and soon there seemed to be a web of Grand Daos that engulfed the Royal Lord.

Unperturbed, the Royal Lord reacted accordingly. He knew that this Human was a Master of the Dao of Space, so despite being the stronger one, he couldn’t allow the other party to dictate the flow of this battle; otherwise, he might be the one defeated.

As he was not as skillful as this Human, all the Royal Lord could rely on was his immense power. As long as he found a chance, he could kill the other party with a single blow.

At that instant, the battle appeared quite lopsided.

One party repeatedly cast flashy attacks as he activated different sorts of Grand Daos through his spear while the other seemed clumsy but unfazed as every move he made exuded immense pressure.