Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5432, The True Might

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At that moment, Yang Kai widened his eyes and looked fixedly at the light sphere. Although tears started sliding down his cheeks in response to the dazzling light, he still didn’t close his eyes.

That was because he was seeing something inconceivable. There seemed to be some images flashing across the light sphere.

In the images, he saw a vague figure that was engulfed in Black Ink Strength with a big head in his hand. Black blood was seen spilling from the head and countless Black Ink Clansmen surrounded the figure as though they were worshipping him.

Before he could see anything clearly though, the images had disappeared, and the images he saw next were even more stunning.

Thriving Stars and Universe Worlds filled with vitality were shrouded in Black Ink Strength as they soon turned into barren wastelands void of any life. These images soon disappeared as well.

Then, he saw a humongous tree that appeared to be sick. The leaves had withered, and even the fruits on the tree were shrivelled. They appeared so wrinkled as though they had been exposed to Sunlight for years on end.

Strange images continued to flicker through the light sphere but they all disappeared before Yang Kai could look into them. As such, he couldn’t take in the details.

In just a moment, over 100 scenes had flashed past the light sphere, which was soon replaced by darkness as though there was no longer any light in the Universe.

Yang Kai fell into a dazed state. [What were those images?]

He had activated the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel before, but he had never seen such a strange phenomenon.

The light sphere had disappeared before he could figure anything out. Engulfed in the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel, the sheep-headed Royal Lord was soaked in black blood, and his face had been transformed by horror. His aura had already turned weak after he used the Royal Lord Secret Technique, and it now seemed even more frail.

He had seen the images at the same time as Yang Kai; however, even Yang Kai had no idea what those things were, so how was he supposed to know? Moreover, he wasn’t in the mood to ponder on it.

The power of the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel had exceeded Yang Kai’s expectations and had also gone beyond the Royal Lord’s imagination. The amazing Space-Time Strength was now corroding the Royal Lord’s mind and body, making him suffer indescribable pain; however, he still felt confident that the dust had settled.

No Human could resist the Royal Lord Secret Technique, or at least the Royal Lord thought so, as the next instant, his expression changed drastically, for Yang Kai, who was covered in Black Ink Strength, suddenly grinned mockingly at him.

[Four Universe Pillars!] These words sprang into the Royal Lord’s mind in an instant.

The Royal Lord Secret Technique wasn’t without its archnemeses. The Four Universe Pillars could block the Royal Lord Secret Technique, ensuring that the Humans who possessed one of them wouldn’t be corrupted by Black Ink Strength.

However, as far as the Royal Lord knew, precious treasures like the Four Universe Pillars were extremely rare throughout the entire Universe; therefore, only a small number of Humans would possess one.

The Royal Lord had never expected that the Human he had been hunting down had one as well.

He had heard that precious treasures like the Four Universe Pillars were always owned by the strongest Eighth-Order Masters. This Human was only in the Seventh Order 500 years ago, so why did he have one of the Four Universe Pillars as well?

At that instant, the Royal Lord deeply regretted activating the Royal Lord Secret Technique, which caused him to be weakened; otherwise, he would have been able to deal with the opponent’s strange Divine Ability.

He was already weakened to begin with, and he was subsequently struck by the opponent’s Divine Ability, which exacerbated his condition.

Realising he was in a dangerous situation, the Royal Lord’s figure shook as he used a Secret Technique. At the same time, the Royal Lord Black Ink Nest which was planted nearby started transmitting Black Ink Strength to him, allowing his aura to surge.

His Black Ink Nest wasn’t far away, so he could make use of it to improve his condition.

Although he looked battered, everything was still well within his control. He still had a chance to kill this Human.

The moment the Royal Lord drew energy from his Black Ink Nest though, Yang Kai’s facial features warped, as though he was going through some excruciating pain. He then howled in agony.

The Royal Lord was startled, but before he could figure out what was wrong with Yang Kai, a howl of even greater intensity burst from his lips.

At that moment, he felt an immense force tearing apart the defence of his Soul and badly damaging it. Coupled with the Space-Time Strength’s influence, his mind went completely blank.

Soul Rending Thorn!

When Yang Kai asked Grandmaster Ma Fan to refine Soul Rending Thorns for him for the first time, the latter crafted 12 for him to use. Then, Yang Kai used 11 of them in the fight for the Mid-Rank Black Ink Nest, which resulted in him badly injuring or killing the equivalent number of Territory Lords and Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples. After that, outside the Royal City in Great Evolution Theatre, he used the last one to kill Che Kong.

With such a record of success, Yang Kai naturally made sure to get more Soul Rending Thorns for himself.

When the Great Evolution Army set off on their second crusade, Yang Kai gathered some materials and asked Grandmaster Ma Fan to make more Soul Rending Thorns for him. It took Grandmaster Ma Fan some time and energy to do so, but now Yang Kai had several dozen Soul Rending Thorns with him and had been hiding them from the enemies. Even when he cast the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel earlier, he did not use them.

That was because he would be the first one injured before he could harm his opponent. Using a Soul Rending Thorn would result in mutual injuries; therefore, Yang Kai wouldn’t use one unless it was necessary to do so.

Now, it had come to a point where he had no choice but to use them.

The Royal Lord was indeed powerful. Even though his Soul had been struck by the Soul Rending Thorn and Space-Time Strength, he still managed to pull himself together quickly, but when he looked up, he realised Yang Kai was nowhere to be found.

When his mind was blank earlier, Yang Kai had vanished. Reacting on instinct, he turned around as he widened his eyes and roared, “You court death!”

Above the dead Universe World where his Black Ink Nest was located, Yang Kai’s figure abruptly appeared. He wielded his spear as his weapon turned into a spear light and struck the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest.

Yang Kai didn’t directly attack the Royal Lord because he didn’t have the confidence to kill him with one strike. It was difficult to deal with a Royal Lord at the peak of his power. Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was unable to succeed back then under similar circumstances, so Yang Kai naturally wouldn’t think he could do any better.

Therefore, he believed that it would be best for him to seize the chance and destroy the other party’s Black Ink Nest.

A Black Ink Nest could not run away or counterattack, after all.

Yang Kai had learned his lesson in the Great Evolution Royal City back then, so he held nothing back this time. As the spear light slashed across the Black Ink Nest, it was cut clean in half. Spear Intent burst forth and vaporized the Black Ink Nest down to its roots.

All the Black Ink Clansmen in the Black Ink Nest were killed in an instant as their auras disappeared.

The next moment, the Low-Rank Black Ink Nests around the Great Sea started collapsing and withering as they had lost their support.

Without the support from their source, which was the Royal Lord’s Black Ink Nest, all the Low-Rank Black Ink Nests were doomed to perish.

With his spear in hand, Yang Kai turned around and faced the Royal Lord, who was coming at him. His facial features contorted in pain, but the murderous intent behind his gaze seemed to have materialised as he pointed his spear forward and roared, “It’s your turn!” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Royal Lord had just reached the peak of his power before his aura plunged again to the point where it was worse than before.

Faced with the glistening spear, he felt panic for the very first time. The other party was indeed weaker than him, but after they exchanged finishing moves, he was the one badly injured. He couldn’t help but think if the fight dragged on, he would be killed by his opponent.

Soon however, he cast his fear away and grit his teeth as he charged towards Yang Kai. His expression was more hideous than that of his opponent for it had come to a point where there was no turning back. Today, one of them would fall, there was no other possible outcome.

Yang Kai remained unwavering. As they brushed past each other in the Void, their blood spattered and they growled at the same time.

This couldn’t be helped, as Yang Kai seized the chance to use another Soul Rending Thorn during their exchange of moves. While his Soul was again wounded, the Royal Lord wasn’t feeling any better.

Yang Kai had the Soul Warming Lotus, so he wasn’t worried about his Soul being damaged too much, but the same couldn’t be said for the Royal Lord. The moment they stabilised their figures, they turned around and charged at each other again.

In the void, countless Black Ink Clansmen surrounded them in all directions. Knowing that he was in a perilous situation, the Royal Lord intended to make use of his subordinates.

Unfortunately for him, back then, he abstained from spawning any Territory Lords to save some energy, so his most powerful subordinates were only Feudal Lords.

The Royal Lord wasn’t sure if such an Army could pose any threat to Yang Kai, but it had come to a point where he had no choice but to give it a try.

Yang Kai had apparently realised this as well. Under normal circumstances, he would certainly have no regard for these Feudal Lords, but the situation now was different. Presently, he was surrounded by millions of Black Ink Clansmen, and he had to deal with the Royal Lord at the same time. If he wasn’t careful enough, he might lose his life here.

Therefore, he became even more ruthless with his moves as he madly activated the Soul Rending Thorns.

After using a fourth Soul Rending Thorn, Yang Kai realised he had fallen into a dazed state. He secretly cursed because he had used too many Soul Rending Thorns and had now affected the very foundation of his Soul.

If he continued to use the Soul Rending Thorns, his Soul would be ripped apart before he could even kill the Royal Lord. When that happened, even the Soul Warming Lotus couldn’t save him.

These thoughts all occurred in a flash before his mind suddenly turned blank as he was no longer able to think clearly. Then, he lost consciousness.

Some unknown amount of time later, Yang Kai abruptly came to his senses when he felt a cool sensation.

His head was in pain as his Soul had been badly damaged, which made him unable to think clearly. It was only thanks to the Soul Warming Lotus that he could even regain consciousness.

Following that, Yang Kai realised he was surrounded by enemies that stretched out into the distance with no end in sight. They were the Black Ink Clan soldiers!

At this moment, he was fighting against the Black Ink Clan soldiers, and wherever he went, blood flowed like rivers as countless Black Ink Clan corpses littered the void.

Despite the fact that he was unconscious earlier, his body honed by hundreds of years of combat reacted instinctively to kill the enemies, which saved his life. Otherwise, the Feudal Lords would have been able to kill him.

He considered himself lucky that there were no Territory Lords among the Black Ink Clansmen; otherwise, he wouldn’t have stood a chance to survive.

The next instant, he realised the Royal Lord was nowhere in sight.

[Where is he?]

The reason he fell into a stupor was because he had activated too many Soul Rending Thorns. His Soul was unable to bear the damage brought about by four repeated sacrifices.

Since he had fallen into such a state, he reckoned that the Royal Lord wasn’t in a better condition either despite the fact that the latter was stronger.

However, now that he was awake, he couldn’t detect the Royal Lord’s aura. [Did he run away? No!]

Suddenly, Yang Kai looked down at his hand and realised he was holding a huge head with sheep horns. This head’s eyes were still wide open as though he was unresigned before his death. Black blood could be seen dripping from his severed neck.

At that instant, Yang Kai realised he had seen such a sight before.

Silavin: OG title – Killing a Royal Lord