Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5433, Spying on the Future

Translator: Silavin & Qing

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The sheep-headed Royal Lord was dead!

What was certain was that the Royal Lord died by Yang Kai’s hand, but Yang Kai didn’t know exactly how he had decapitated the Royal Lord.

He also didn’t know why he was holding the Royal Lord’s head in his hand.

In this situation, there was no way Yang Kai could think clearly, and when he tried, he just felt dizzier.

He knew this was because his Soul was seriously injured. So far, he had relied on the fact that he had the Soul Warming Lotus and had done many risky things; however, the injury to his Soul this time was something that could not be compared to any other in the past.

The consequences were huge, but the result was worth it!

He had killed a Royal Lord!

This was also the very first Royal Lord he personally killed all by himself.

Although he had previously killed a Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple in the Royal City of Great Evolution Theatre, that Black Ink Disciple’s actual strength was much inferior to a Royal Lord’s, not to mention that he only delivered the last lucky blow while the opponent had his guard down.

The opponent’s Small Universe was already extremely unstable after taking a blow from Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, and Yang Kai just happened to have the means to defeat him. Using the unique features of his Cow Punch, Yang Kai was able to send his opponent to his death with just one punch.

Thus, the killing of that Ninth-Order Black Ink Disciple was more of a lucky accident rather than a show of strength and skill.

But this was a real battle.

Since being chased after by the sheep-headed Royal Lord from outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, Yang Kai had faced innumerable dangers, used up a lot of time, and was even forced into the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon to save himself during his escape.

However, the winner was king, while the loser was the villain. He was still alive, while the sheep-headed Royal Lord was dead.

At that moment, Yang Kai felt a sudden sense of satisfaction rise in him. He felt his 4,000 years of dull cultivation didn’t go to waste, nor did the countless resources he used when in the Temporal Rivers inside the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon.

It just so happened that the cultivation that lasted who knows how many actual years in the outside world had given him the strength to kill a Royal Lord in a head-on battle.

Of course, the consequences he suffered weren’t minor either. Yang Kai could tell that several of his bones were broken, and Golden Blood was oozing from a penetrating wound on his lower abdomen, seemingly having been inflicted by the sheep-headed Royal Lord’s claws. Also, one of his arms and one of his legs were bent in a strange way, with the most serious injury being the one to his Soul. After using the Soul Rending Thorn four consecutive times in short order, Yang Kai felt about half of his Soul had been sacrificed. In fact, if it had been anyone else, that person would have already died.

It was also because he had the Soul Warming Lotus that Yang Kai was able to stay alive and regain consciousness.

The successful killing of the sheep-headed Royal Lord was not only because of his efforts, but also luck. If such a battle were to happen again, Yang Kai couldn’t guarantee that he would be the ultimate winner.

Now, he indeed had the capital to fight against a Royal Lord, but there was still quite a large gap between their real strength.

Yang Kai felt groggy, as he could not keep himself conscious for much longer. He was barely able to stay awake and felt like he was suspended in water while constantly sinking into the abyss.

This was because his Soul was desperate to shut down and sleep to heal.

In the end, Yang Kai sank into a state of semi-consciousness again just moments after it had woken up.

Though his mind fell into a daze, his body didn’t stop killing the enemy.

When Yang Kai woke up the second time, his injuries seemed to have worsened even more. The Black Ink Clansmen were still besieging him from all directions, and he was continuously killing the enemies as if this battle would never end.

Having his mind falling asleep and waking up several times, Yang Kai didn’t know how much time had passed, but eventually, he woke up to find himself simply standing in the void. His body was exuding a heavy murderous aura that was so potent it seemed like it could condense into a tangible substance while all around him were corpses and pieces of the Black Ink Clansmen. There were so many that it seemed like they were going to fill up the entire void.

As for Yang Kai, he was currently standing tall above the mountain of corpses.

At some point, his killing spree had stopped.

There was not a living Black Ink Clansman in sight, though Yang Kai wasn’t sure if he had killed them all. However, judging by the remains on the battlefield, he guessed that even if some Black Ink Clan soldiers had escaped, there wouldn’t be too many of them.

He had killed at least 70% of the Black Ink Clan Army here!

The strongest among this Black Ink Clan Army were only Feudal Lords, so even if they escaped, it wouldn’t make much difference because the dangers they would face in this region of the deep void were great, even for someone like Yang Kai.

Without a truly powerful Master protecting them, they would all die in this place sooner or later.

Lowering his head to look at his hands, Yang Kai discovered the head of the sheep-headed Royal Lord he was holding when he woke up the first time was gone. Perhaps he had unknowingly lost it at some point.

But he wasn’t concerned with that. After having a look around his surroundings, he found a Universe Fragment the Black Ink Clan had moved here before stuffing a handful of Spirit Pills into his mouth and began to adjust his breathing and recuperate.

The injuries to his Soul had yet to heal, but they were constantly being nourished and repaired by the Soul Warming Lotus, so their condition was better. If that wasn’t the case, he wouldn’t have been able to wake up several times.

On the other hand, the injuries on his body were very severe; after all, there were a multitude of Black Ink Clansmen here, so even if their strongest were only Feudal Lords, that was still enough to pose a huge threat to him.

His body was covered in wounds of all sizes that were too numerous to count. Many of them were even layered atop old wounds.

Fortunately for him, the Royal Lord was dead, and he had killed who knows how many Black Ink Clansmen, so there was no one here to disturb him while he was healing.

The first thing Yang Kai did was to reconnect all his broken bones before correcting his twisted arm and leg, which made him break out in cold sweat during the process.

After doing all that, he carefully checked his body internally and externally to ensure there weren’t any hidden injuries.

Having done so, he did find something that made his face twitch.

His Dragon Bead had cracked again…

During the 4,000 years he had been cultivating in the Great Sea, his previously damaged Dragon Bead had already been fully restored. Now that the Dragon Bead had cracked again, it meant that he had activated his Dragon Bead while in his hazy state.

There was no need to even guess though, it was undoubtedly the Royal Lord who had damaged his Dragon Bead again.

It seemed like the sheep-headed Royal Lord didn’t die without a fight.

At the beginning of their battle, the Royal Lord was already not in peak condition, then he used his Royal Lord Secret Technique which had weakened his strength, making it difficult for him to resist the blast from the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel. At that point, he could be said to be severely injured.

Following that, Yang Kai used four Soul Rending Thorns in a row, which tore into the Royal Lord’s Soul, causing massive damage.

Therefore, when Yang Kai summoned his Dragon Bead, the Royal Lord’s end was set in stone.

Just thinking about it, Yang Kai couldn’t help shivering slightly. Since his body could instinctually kill enemies while he was in a semi-conscious state, it would naturally be the same for the Royal Lord, who was far stronger.

Yang Kai couldn’t even imagine what would have happened if the Royal Lord had shattered his Dragon Bead when he summoned it in his fugue state…

Thinking of the Royal Lord, Yang Kai thought about something else.

When he woke up the first time, he was holding the Royal Lord’s head while being surrounded by countless Black Ink Clan soldiers…

That scene closely resembled one of the scenes he saw after using the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel.

Back then, he thought the Black Ink Clan that had surrounded him were showing their admiration for something, but now it seemed like they weren’t admiring anything, they were clearly besieging him to kill him.

Yang Kai was shocked.

[How can this be? Could the scene I saw be the scene I just experienced?]

After activating the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel, he did have the feeling that time itself had become chaotic. [Could the misalignment of time lead to me being able to foresee future events?]

Instinctively, Yang Kai wanted to deny this conjecture, but one of the flashing scenes he had seen at the time slowly became clearer in his mind, and he discovered that it was very similar to the scene he saw when he first woke up.

The moment time became warped, the first scene Yang Kai saw was a figure holding a detached head. The figure looked almost identical to him, but the face was blurred, and no matter how Yang Kai tried to recall it, he couldn’t make out who it was.

He then shuddered.

[If that is true, then what do the other scenes I saw represent? Could they be future events as well?]

He had seen many scenes back then, but most disappeared immediately after appearing, so he couldn’t determine what they were. Still, there were a few scenes that he was able to see clearly.

Prosperous Stars and Universe Worlds that were full of vitality being enveloped by Black Ink Strength, rapidly turning into wastelands devoid of life.

There was also a gigantic tree that seemed to be sick. Its branches and leaves were shrivelled, and even its fruits lacked any lustre as they shrivelled up as if they had been exposed to the sun for too long.

….. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

As for the Universe Worlds that had their vitality destroyed and turned into wastelands after being enveloped by Black Ink Strength, that scene might correspond to what might happen if the Black Ink Clan invaded the 3,000 worlds.

If the Black Ink Clan had successfully invaded the 3,000 worlds, there was no doubt that such a future would happen.

[What about that gigantic Tree? Could it be the World Tree?]

At that point, Yang Kai suddenly recalled Cang’s words. He said that the World Tree was almost as old as the Universe itself, and its appearance wasn’t that different from when Mo was spawned, which appeared when the Heavens and Earth first split apart. Moreover, the World Tree had an inexplicable relationship with the 3,000 Worlds. Cang, the other nine Martial Ancestors, and even Yang Kai himself were means by which this vast Universe tried to help itself by exerting its Rules through the World Tree.

Cang and the others had gotten a gift from the World Tree and were able to enlighten themselves about the Martial Dao while comprehending the method of reaching the Open Heaven Realm, earning them the title of Martial Ancestors.

Yang Kai was also barely considered to have received a gift from the World Tree as he had obtained a root from it.

Since ancient times, others must have entered the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary and received gifts from the World Tree. These were all the Universe’s means to save itself, but unfortunately, those people seemed to have all failed and fallen.

Suppose the World Tree and the 3,000 Worlds did have an unbreakable connection. If the Black Ink Clan invaded the 3,000 Worlds and turned all the flourishing lands into wastelands, plunging the entire Universe into turmoil, then the appearance of the World Tree that seemed like it was severely ill…

The more Yang Kai thought about it, the more he sweated. He couldn’t help but shake his head to disperse those thoughts from his mind.

However, he didn’t expect that when he moved, his head felt like it had turned into mush and the pain was so intense that he almost passed out again.

Luckily, after such an interruption, he did not have the intention to think about such nonsense anymore.

The ability to foresee the future was too surreal to Yang Kai, so he wasn’t willing to believe it was possible. Even though the Space-Time Strength he used was mysterious as well, it was just a type of strength that made use of his comprehension of the Grand Daos of Space and Time. How could such strength break through the flow of time itself and allow one to peer into the future?

[Healing my injuries is more important!]

A while later, cold sweat began dripping from Yang Kai’s forehead.

No matter how much he refused to believe it, he could vaguely sense that he seemed to have obtained a glimpse of the future. The Sun and Moon Divine Wheel had warped and broken time to the point that it let him witness events that had yet to transpire.