Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5434, A Destroyed Great Pass

Translator: Silavin & Qing

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After a year of focusing all his efforts on recuperating, Yang Kai had almost made a full recovery.

Emerging from the Universe Fragment, Yang Kai observed his surroundings for a while before his figure dashed in the direction of the Black Ink Nest.

Though the High-Rank Black Ink Nest exploded after his attack, there were still some remnants left behind.

After searching through the debris, Yang Kai found quite a lot of resources.

These resources were mined by the Black Ink Clan from surrounding areas. The Black Ink Clan had a high demand for resources when spawning more of their members and the Royal Lord also needed resources to heal his injuries.

All these unused resources now belonged to Yang Kai.

However, he did not intend to use these resources on himself, nor did he intend to further his cultivation at this moment. He scavenged for these resources because he wanted to arrange a Universe Array.

The Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon was a natural treasure trove, and Yang Kai wasn’t sure if he would be able to find it again after leaving, so he decided to leave a Universe Array here, which might be of use someday.

In fact, he still had quite a lot of resources on hand, but he was lacking some critical components. It just happened that the resources he found from the Black Ink Nest were enough to make up for the shortage.

Soon, a Universe Array took shape in what was left of the Universe World where the High-Rank Black Ink Nest was originally situated. Yang Kai then made some arrangements to cover up and conceal the Universe Array.

After taking a good look at the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai turned around and left.

All that was left now in this vast stretch of void were densely scattered corpses that seemed to be a sign that there was once a tragic battle here.

Previously, outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, where he was targeted by the Royal Lord and chased all the way here, Yang Kai planned to follow the path the Humans took during their crusade back to the No-Return Pass to seek help from the Dragon and Phoenix Clans to defeat the Royal Lord.

Unfortunately, he got lost on the way and the longer he ran, the more unsure he was of where he was heading.

Now, he didn’t even know where he was or which way he should travel now.

But he wasn’t too worried about it because he knew he would eventually find his way back, he just needed to take some time.

Another thing that made him feel helpless was that he didn’t know how much time had passed.

He could accurately calculate the time he spent in the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, but he had no idea about how much time had passed in the outside world.

[I wonder what happened after the war between the two races.] When Yang Kai escaped from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, Cang fused his body with the restriction to summon the energy Mu needed to leave Mo in deep sleep.

It was because the Black Ink Clan saw this take place right before their eyes that Yang Kai was targeted by a Royal Lord.

Now that things had gotten to this point, Yang Kai did not resent Cang because he was the only person Cang could trust during that last moment; after all, he was also one of the means chosen by the vast Universe. To be able to be chosen meant that Yang Kai was special in some way. Therefore, if it were Yang Kai, he would make the same choice as Cang. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

But no matter how that battle ended, the Human Army couldn’t stay at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

If the Humans won, they would definitely withdraw their forces.

If they were defeated, they would still retreat back to the No-Return Pass to join forces with the Dragon and Phoenix Clans because that was the only way they could resist the Black Ink Clan Army’s attack.

That was why Yang Kai only had one destination in mind, the No-Return Pass!

In his current situation, it would be difficult for Yang Kai to be certain which direction would lead to the No-Return Pass, but as long as he could find the Late Ancient Era Battlefield, he would be able to estimate his whereabouts.

Flying through the void, Yang Kai’s figure soared along at amazing speed.

He would stop every half a month or so to activate the Universe Transference Law to try and connect to any of the Universe Arrays he had set inside those Purifying Black Ink Battleships; however, the only Universe Array he could sense was the one he set up next to the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon.

Such a situation meant that his distance from those Universe Arrays was too great for the Universe Transference Law to even detect them.

Although he couldn’t sense the position of any Purifying Black Ink Battleship, this tactic wasn’t useless because, at the very least, he could use the Universe Array he left at the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon to deduce his current position.

As time passed, his connection with the Universe Array at the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon became vague, which told Yang Kai that he was getting further away from the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon.

It was not until half a year later that he could no longer sense that Universe Array.

With the speed he could travel, coupled with Instantaneous Movement, Yang Kai still used about half a year before he lost all contact with the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, which showed how vast an area a Universe Array could cover.

There were Celestial Phenomena of all shapes and sizes in the void, and Yang Kai had seen many of them while he was escaping from the sheep-headed Royal Lord. He even dove deep into a Dense Fog Celestial Phenomenon and the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon.

But since he was running for his life to avoid being killed, he didn’t have the time to enjoy the beauty of these Celestial Phenomena along the way.

Now that he was feeling more relaxed, he had time to study these Celestial Phenomena more carefully and even found them quite miraculous.

These Celestial Phenomena might be the manifestation of the Universe’s original form and might. Many radiated extremely dangerous auras, while some of them were deep and unfathomable. Just like the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, though they looked tranquil and calm on the outside, one would only know of the dangers lurking inside after entering them.

The 3,000 Worlds didn’t have any Celestial Phenomena, possibly because of all the activities of Human cultivators causing them to fade away.

[Wait! The 3,000 Worlds does have some.]

Yang Kai suddenly recalled rumours about some strange Forbidden Zones in several Great Territories. Those Forbidden Zones were filled with dangers, and they were very difficult for ordinary cultivators to even approach.

Those so-called Forbidden Zones might be remnants of ancient Celestial Phenomena. They weren’t complete anymore and only retained a portion of their mysteries and might. As time passed, coupled with repeated explorations by cultivators, those Forbidden Zones would also gradually disappear into the annals of history.

That thought flashed across Yang Kai’s mind as he flew past different Celestial Phenomena.

Year after year, his dull voyage continued in solitude.

The void was incredibly vast, and it contained all sorts of wonders, but he wasn’t anxious because he knew it was no use being anxious.

Along the way, Yang Kai left hidden marks inside some dead Universe Worlds, making it easier for him to find his way back to the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon.

Suddenly, on a particular day when he used the Universe Transference Law, Yang Kai finally sensed a Universe Array in a particular direction.

The distance was still quite far away, and the connection he felt was exceptionally weak, but if he exerted all his efforts to get there, he could probably arrive within half a year.

Yang Kai was elated. All his efforts had paid off as he finally discovered something and hurriedly moved in that direction.

A few days later, he used the Universe Transference Law to determine his position.

Another few days later, it was still the same…

One month later, after Yang Kai used the Universe Transference Law again, he frowned.

Over this one month’s time, he had used the Universe Transference Law five times, and although he could establish a connection with the faraway target, there was something wrong with the situation.

He was now rushing there with all his might and had activated the Space Principles, so his speed was exceptionally fast.

Therefore, it was reasonable to say that he could have easily shortened the distance between them in this one month’s time, and the nearer the distance with the Universe Array, the stronger the connection he had with it when using the Universe Transference Law.

But the reality was that the connection was still very weak.

There were only two possibilities that could cause such a situation. One was that the Universe Array he was connecting with was also continuously moving forward and was keeping a constant distance from Yang Kai.

However, a Purifying Black Ink Battleship’s speed was incomparable to Yang Kai’s, so even if it was somehow moving in exactly the same direction as him, the distance would still have been greatly shortened.

Which meant it could only be the second possibility.

The Universe Array he had set up in this Purifying Battleship was damaged!

Yang Kai had arranged the Universe Arrays in the very heart of the Purifying Ink Battleships, along with the storage room for Purifying Light, and after all the Great Passes had obtained their Purifying Black Ink Battleships, they specifically reinforced the defences around the Universe Array to the point that it could be said that it would not be damaged unless the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was completely crippled.

But now, the Universe Array on this unidentified Purifying Black Ink Battleship was actually damaged, so what about the Purifying Black Ink Battleship itself?

Did they encounter some kind of battle?

Were there still… survivors there?

Yang Kai was so anxious that he pushed his speed even harder.

Two months later, Yang Kai estimated it was about the distance that he could transmit with his now Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivation and strong physique. Also, it wouldn’t be too risky to teleport at this point, so he used the Universe Transference Law, wanting to use the Universe Array and directly transport himself onto that Purifying Black Ink Battleship.

However, when the patterns of a Grand Array lit up under his feet, there was no sign of transmittance.

With a deep frown on his face, Yang Kai discarded this plan and continued to move forward under his own power.

It seemed that the Universe Array he had sensed was indeed damaged to the point that it was no longer functional.

Along his way, Yang Kai kept his vigilance up, guarding against the possibility that there might be enemies lurking nearby.

Another two months passed when Yang Kai suddenly looked up and could vaguely make out a lofty shadow standing tall inside the void.

It was a Great Pass!

Even though it was still quite far away, and the visibility inside the void wasn’t too good, he could still make out an outline of a huge Great Pass.

Yang Kai’s mind suddenly shook as his figure dashed forward.

However, as the distance shortened, Yang Kai’s heart also gradually sank.

It was indeed a Great Pass, but it was a destroyed one.

The originally majestic-looking Great Pass was now in ruins with large holes broken in its thick walls. Outside the Great Pass were scattered corpses of soldiers from both Races and fragments of broken Human Warships.

Yang Kai’s figure gradually slowed down as he passed through the mountain of corpses and blood, feeling suffocated.

He didn’t know what kind of battle this Great Pass had encountered, but judging from the gruesome scene before him, it was one filled with brutal bloodshed.