Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5436, Continuous Killings

Translator: Silavin & Qing

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

*Hong…*

At that moment, the fang-toothed Territory Lord that was sent flying out finally fell onto a ramshackle house, smashing the already toppling building to the ground.

*Drip…*

*Drip…*

Fresh blood dripped down and splashed onto the ground, creating a beautiful blood flower.

Time seemed to have stopped at this moment.

Above Azure Void Pass’s Central Square, Yang Kai held his spear with one arm, and on the spear was a curvaceous body. The spear had penetrated that figure, and black fresh blood was dripping from it.

While the different Dao Strengths intertwined, they created a strange balance above the figure pierced with the spear. However, the owner of the figure could feel that the balance was very weak and could be broken with just a slight change. Once the balance was broken, those Dao Strengths would suddenly explode, and what awaited her would be her death.

“You…” On the Azure Dragon Spear, the seductive Territory Lord looked at Yang Kai with a conflicted expression. Her eyes were wet, making her look pitiful, but she felt more disbelief than anything.

It was as if she didn’t expect that she, a Territory Lord, couldn’t even stand a single spear thrust from her opponent.

Her figure was smaller than the fang-toothed Territory Lord, so when the fang-toothed Territory Lord was charging forward, she used a Secret Technique to follow behind him and silently approach her enemy.

These three Territory Lords never thought to look down on an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, a lesson they learnt from fighting the Humans on the battlefield outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and in various places throughout the vast void.

So, at that moment, though it looked like only the fang-toothed Territory Lord was attacking, it was actually a joint attack from all three Territory Lords.

The seductive Territory Lord concealed herself behind her companion, while the taloned Territory Lord intimidated the enemy with his sharp aura, distracting his attention with his focused Divine Sense.

This wasn’t the first time these three Territory Lords worked together. Back when they attacked Azure Void Pass, they used such techniques to kill several Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

That was why the Royal Lord had specifically left them here, because they were strong enough to deal with any dangers that might arise.

By coordinating with each other, these three hadn’t made any mistakes and could be said to be unbeatable.

However, they had encountered an anomaly this time!

He could detect that the opponent still had an explosive force that had yet to be unleashed condensed inside that spear, so if he moved rashly, the seductive Territory Lord would immediately die.

The seductive Territory Lord indeed looked quite pitiful at this moment as Yang Kai’s spear was piercing her, but her efforts and sacrifices weren’t in vain as her jade hand had pierced into Yang Kai’s chest and grabbed his heart. She could feel the strong beating of his heart inside his chest in the palm of her hand!

Just by tightening her grip, she would be able to crush this Human’s heart and kill him; however, she didn’t do that. Instead, she silently looked into Yang Kai’s eyes and suddenly smiled, “You’re very strong!”

[Such a strong Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, I don’t feel like killing him anymore.]

Black Ink Strength filled the air and flowed into Yang Kai’s body. In an instant, the outside of Yang Kai’s body was surrounded by Black Ink Strength.

She was going to corrupt this strong opponent with Black Ink Strength and make him her Black Ink Disciple!

Though she was by no means weak, if she had such a strong Black Ink Disciple protecting her, her strength would more than double.

On the other hand, Yang Kai stayed put as if he were afraid of something.

The Black Ink Strength soon enveloped him, and even his eyes turned black.

[Success!]

The taloned Territory Lord, who was feeling nervous all this while, relaxed his breath as he was also reluctant to see his companion dying here. Now that the Black Ink Strength had corrupted their enemy, their side would gain a strong helper, which was undoubtedly the best outcome of this situation.

“Put me down,” the seductive Territory Lord ordered gently as if she were sweet-talking her lover.

“Yes!” Yang Kai responded.

At that moment, the seductive Territory Lord suddenly felt something wasn’t right and immediately roared before trying to tighten her grip on Yang Kai’s heart.

But before she could crust her opponent’s heart, she felt a mysterious strength suddenly erupt from inside her body. Right then, numerous Dao Strengths ran rampant, rapidly expanding the seductive Territory Lord’s curvaceous body into a ball before exploding it!

Black blood fell like rain, and pieces of flesh flew everywhere!

The seductive Territory Lord’s body exploded into a pretty-looking blood flower.

That sudden turn of events shocked the taloned Territory Lord so much that he turned pale. It was then that he realised that his enemy wasn’t afraid of being corrupted by Black Ink Strength.

At that point, Yang Kai had stealthily appeared by his side, and with a sweep of his spear, it transformed into a huge shadow that slashed down at his head.

With a roar, the taloned Territory Lord channelled his Black Ink Strength into his claws and wings, instantly turning them into weapons as he battled with Yang Kai.

Fresh blood flew everywhere from both Yang Kai and the taloned Territory Lord. The battle looked even from the outside, but the taloned Territory Lord felt his blood run cold.

After their initial clash, he knew he wasn’t a match for his opponent, and the only reason this Eighth-Order Human was being wounded was because he completely gave up defending himself to kill him faster.

In just three breaths of time, the two figures separated.

At that moment, an angry roar sounded, and a huge figure charged over from the side and instantly appeared behind Yang Kai before spreading his arms wide and closing them while approaching Yang Kai.

It was the fang-toothed Territory Lord who had finally regained consciousness and came to help.

He was still a little confused as to why one of his companions wound up severely injured while the other died during the short moment he was knocked away.

All he knew was that he and his companions had greatly underestimated this Human Eighth-Order Master.

Just as he was about to slap his hands and crush his enemy, the fang-toothed Territory Lord suddenly felt a strange power surging in the air and surprisingly found that no matter how he tried to bring his palms together, he couldn’t shorten the distance between them. At this instant, the space between his palms seemed to be infinitely stretching.

This scene shocked him even more.

While he was distracted, the Eighth-Order Master had already disappeared, and a grunt and roar came from the other side.

Raising his head to look over, the fang-toothed Territory Lord felt his heart jump as he watched his taloned companion being madly beaten up by the Eighth-Order Master like a sandbag.

The space over there seemed warped, distorted beyond recognition, causing the two figures on the other side to appear occasionally elongated or shortened like they were reflections in a broken mirror.

Black blood spewed everywhere, and the taloned Territory Lord seemed to be unable to resist the relentless thrusts of Yang Kai’s spear. Many Principles and Dao Strengths were being activated by Yang Kai and turned into killing power.

Noticing the situation, the fang-toothed Territory Lord howled madly before dashing over to help his companion.

They came here as a trio, but now one of them was dead. If another one of them fell, they might be completely wiped out!

Having never encountered such a terrifying foe before, the fang-toothed Territory Lord thought that all the other Eighth-Order Masters they had previously killed were simply incomparable to the one before him.

Despite the fact that his aura wasn’t stronger than any of the other Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, this Human had control over some various kinds of Strengths that were exceptionally difficult to deal with.

They had seen such Strengths used by other Human Masters, but those Humans would only be proficient in one to two of them, so they weren’t so difficult to counter.

There had never been a Human who could wield so many different kinds of Dao Strengths. These Strengths weren’t much on their own, but when they all intertwined in one place, they seemed to produce unpredictable effects.

After madly running halfway to help his companion, the fang-toothed Territory Lord suddenly stopped and immediately turned around before charging out of Azure Void Pass’s broken walls and into the void’s depths.

This couldn’t be helped as he saw the taloned Territory Lord’s head blown to pieces by Yang Kai before he could even arrive to offer assistance.

In just 30 breaths of time, even with three Territory Lords working together, two of them had been killed, leaving only one alive. Would he be able to keep his life if he stayed there?

Before the fang-toothed Territory Lord could escape Azure Void Pass though, he suddenly stopped and looked up with a heavy expression.

Standing tall above the crumbling walls was a figure with a long spear that was pointing down at him as black blood dripped from his hand. That figure was glaring at the fang-toothed Territory Lord with cold eyes.

That figure was the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, who was supposed to be behind him!

The fang-toothed Territory Lord felt a truly bitter taste in his mouth.

However, he soon composed himself because after killing both his companions, this Human must have also suffered severe injuries. The most obvious sign of that was the Human’s aura, which felt wavered between strong and weak, clearly indicating the other party was not in top form anymore.

[I… might be able to defeat him! I can’t let him intimidate me with his aura alone after he killed two Territory Lords. If I don’t fight, I might really die here. I can kill him! I must kill him!] Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The fang-toothed Territory Lord roared as Black Ink Strength poured out of him like a tsunami, making his figure become even bulkier. With determined eyes, his aura flared to the point that it felt like he could kill the enemy with one punch, even if the one standing before him was a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Then, he charged at Yang Kai.

Following that, the two figures entangled together, their fight drifting from Azure Void Pass out into the void. Attacks were exchanged back and forth as the two were locked in an intense battle.

At that moment, the fang-toothed Territory Lord was indeed very happy.

He discovered that, just like what he had expected, this Eighth-Order Human’s strength really had fallen after killing his two companions. Even though the enemy was still very strong, this Human couldn’t kill him with his current strength.

Sensing this, the fang-toothed Territory Lord immediately changed tactics.

Since the opponent seemed to be fighting with all his might, wanting to end this battle as quickly as possible, he would focus on defence instead. He then decided that he would drag this battle out until the Human couldn’t hold on any longer.

An hour, six hours, half a day later…

The battle was still as intense as ever, but the fang-toothed Territory Lord didn’t feel as relaxed as before, and his expression was gradually becoming heavy.

As the battle gradually became disadvantageous for him, he was able to discover the root of the problem as well.

The strength that this Human Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was exerting was slowly increasing.

In other words, the Human was slowly becoming stronger.

[This Human… What’s wrong with him?]

The fang-toothed Territory Lord could never have expected that the opponent before him had only just broken through to Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm recently and was considered newly advanced.

Yang Kai had spent quite some time cultivating inside the Great Sea so his foundation was extremely stable and his heritage wasn’t distinguishable from veteran Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master’s, so the thought that he had only just reached this Realm was hard to imagine.