Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5441, Luring the Enemy

Translator: Silavin & Qing

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At this moment, the strongest Warships Humans fielded were the Purifying Black Ink Battleships.

Whether it was in terms of capabilities, capacity, or raw power, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was not something any other class of Warship could compare to.

Even Dawning Light was inferior to the Purifying Black Ink Battleships.

Therefore, a Purifying Black Ink Battleship was the most obvious choice for Yang Kai and the others.

With Yang Kai’s current capabilities, though it would be difficult, he could refine a new Purifying Black Ink Battleship from scratch, but that would take far too much time and effort. Instead, the better option was to simply repair the derelict Battleship which was lying in the Great Pass.

With a plan worked out, the remnant soldiers of Azure Void Pass were in high spirits as, after more than 200 years of fleeing and hiding, they finally had a chance to go on the attack.

After a short month of continuous work and using up large amounts of resources, the broken Purifying Black Ink Battleship was finally good as new.

The soldiers then began salvaging the artifacts that weren’t entirely destroyed from Azure Void Pass before letting their fellow soldiers who were proficient in the Dao of Spirit Arrays and Dao of Artifact Refining install them onto the Purifying Black Ink Battleship.

As for Yang Kai, he was responsible for repairing other Warships.

When Sun Mao and the others gathered up the bodies of their fallen comrades, they also found several damaged Warships. Though none of these Warships were functional, they each had parts that were still in working condition, so Yang Kai simply salvaged whatever was usable and combined pieces from 10 to 20 broken Warships into a new one.

Another half a year had passed before the less than 1,000 lineup of soldiers gathered in the Central Square. Despite their small number, they still exuded the air of an Army many times their size.

Meanwhile, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was quietly docked outside the square, displaying its ferocious new appearance.

Since preparations had been completed, it was time to set off. Everyone was eager to head to the No-Return Pass and unwilling to waste a moment more.

Huang Xiong swept his gaze over everyone and boomed, “Today, we rejoin the war, and even if it is our fate to die, we will take many times as many enemies down with us!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

When everyone thought back to when Azure Void Pass was overrun and defeated, the Old Ancestor’s death in battle, and all the corpses of their fellow soldiers, their eyes reddened with tears and the murderous intent coming from them soared!

Everyone then boarded the Battleship!

In just a few short moments, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship sailed out into the void and melted into the darkness before disappearing from sight.

While repairing this Purifying Black Ink Battleship, Yang Kai had arranged several other Grand Arrays, including an Illusion Array that could be used to conceal it. Although the Purifying Black Ink Battleship wasn’t small, this Array would allow them to move undetected as long as their luck wasn’t too poor. If the enemy wasn’t wary enough, they might not discover the Purifying Black Ink Battleship even if they were just 1,000 kilometres away.

This Purifying Black Ink Battleship that carried the last forces of Azure Void Pass looked very different from its original design. It was now far more ferocious in appearance.

After all, this Purifying Black Ink Battleship had gathered all the remaining war potential of the entire Azure Void Pass!

While repairing this Warship, Yang Kai and the others had installed every usable artifact they could find.

Not only was the Purifying Black Ink Battleship equipped in such a luxurious manner, every Squad Class Warship in their possession was similarly armed.

Even though Azure Void Pass was destroyed, no matter how broken it appeared, there were still many treasures left behind; therefore, they used the remaining essence of the Great Pass and merged it into this Purifying Black Ink Battleship.

When they turned around to look back and saw Azure Void Pass gradually disappearing from view, everyone had mixed feelings.

Among them, some of them had been stationed at Azure Void Pass for thousands of years, while some had even been here for over 10,000 years. After setting foot onto the Black Ink Battlefield and being deployed to Azure Void Pass, they had abided by the oath of living and dying together with the Great Pass as they fought the Black Ink Clan.

But now, they had survived, yet Azure Void Pass was left broken and destroyed.

There was no telling whether there would be a chance to recover and restore the Great Pass in the future.

Since almost 1,000 soldiers were in their group, they could just about form two complete Divisions. Each Division was comprised of 500 soldiers separated into approximately 40 Squads and led by Yang Kai and Huang Xiong respectively.

Huang Xiong and the others had been on the run for 200 years, but they didn’t only spend their time hiding. At the very least, they had familiarised themselves with this region of the void.

Their situation was better than Yang Kai’s, who had been lost for a long time and didn’t even know where he was before finding Azure Void Pass. How could he know in which direction the No-Return Pass was when he didn’t even know where he was?

As they headed in the direction of the No-Return Pass, their journey was fairly uneventful. Along the way, they could vaguely see traces of battles and even pieces of broken Human Warships.

Back when the Old Ancestors decided to retreat to the No-Return Pass, the Black Ink Clan Army had naturally chased after them. It could be said that the battlefield stretched from outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to the No-Return Pass. No one knew how many Human soldiers had fallen during that war or how many had successfully reached the No-Return Pass.

Whenever they discovered bodies of fallen Human soldiers, they would quietly gather them.

A couple years later, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was quietly sailing through the void when Yang Kai, who was monitoring the surroundings from the deck, suddenly opened his eyes and turned to look in a certain direction. The next moment, his figure disappeared.

Sun Mao, who was nearby, heard Yang Kai’s order, “Hide!”

After receiving his orders, Sun Mao quickly relayed the order, and the Purifying Black Ink Battleship hurriedly approached a nearby Universe Fragment to conceal itself.

On the other hand, Yang Kai moved rapidly and soon arrived millions of kilometres away. He looked over and saw a severely tattered Warship that looked as if it would be destroyed at any moment under the siege of the surrounding Black Ink Clansmen.

The Warship was clearly a Human Warship, and the Squad on the deck were running around anxiously. The arrays and artifacts were constantly activated, and though they killed and injured many of the Black Ink Clansmen, there were still more besieging them. There were at least 1,000 enemies here, and there seemed to be a Territory Lord hiding his aura amongst them.

Yang Kai’s expression brightened!

After more than 2 years of travel without meeting any other Human survivors, he had finally encountered a remnant Squad.

Though he didn’t know which Great Pass this Squad came from, the current situation didn’t allow him to think too much about it. Just as he was about to make a move to assist them, he suddenly paused.

He carefully surveyed the surroundings and discovered that despite the situation of the Warship being fairly dangerous, the Squad manning it were still trying their best to lure the surrounding Black Ink Clansmen in a specific direction.

In that direction was a small, tattered Universe Fragment, probably debris leftover after the Black Ink Clan mined all the resources out of it.

Immediately, Yang Kai seemed to have seen through this Squad’s plan and suppressed his murderous intent before quietly following them.

The Black Ink Clan’s attack was fierce and continuous, so even though the Squad’s Warship moved nimbly, it still couldn’t avoid all the incoming attacks. Once the Warship’s shields failed, the Human Squad would be facing the mad attacks from the Black Ink Clan head-on. By then, their situation would become dire.

However, the Squad seemed to be very lucky because even after they had retreated to the tattered Universe Fragment, the light barrier still hadn’t been broken through.

Meanwhile, the Black Ink Clan was now in position.

At that moment, lights from several arrays above the Universe Fragment suddenly lit up and turned into bolts of light that blasted towards the Black Ink Clan soldiers.

Those Arrays had powerful artifacts serving as Array Cores, or else they wouldn’t have been able to exert such terrifying might.

The light beams blasted towards the Black Ink Clan Army, clearing out a few areas and killing hundreds of Black Ink Clansmen.

Following that, an even brighter ray of light transformed into a huge net and directly enveloped the Territory Lord hidden amongst the Black Ink Clan Army.

Meanwhile, the Territory Lord obviously didn’t expect his whereabouts to be exposed so quickly and was shocked when he was directly targeted. The net that surrounded him was incredibly strong, so he couldn’t break free immediately. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

A dozen or so Squads hiding inside the Universe Fragment suddenly appeared and began firing as they moved to surround and protect the tattered Warship approaching them.

After that, the Black Ink Clan suffered even more casualties.

This was obviously a plan to lure the enemy into a trap. The Human Squad that was being attacked risked their Warship being blown up to lure this small Black Ink Clan Army to the spot where they had previously arranged a number of Killing Arrays that were just waiting to be activated.

Though it was a simple trap, it worked perfectly.

No matter how vigilant the Black Ink Clan Army was against such a plot, it was impossible for them to not chase after the Humans once they fled. As long as the Black Ink Clan wanted to kill these Humans, they would fall into the trap.

When it came to the use of Spirit Arrays and artifacts, the Humans were vastly superior to the Black Ink Clan.

The ambushing Squads were made up of soldiers who had endured hundreds of battles, so not only did they manage to take the opportunity and trap the hidden Territory Lord with the help of certain Arrays and artifacts, they even neatly split into two teams, one of them corralling the flustered Black Ink Clan Army and killing them, while the other team focused on pinning down the Territory Lord.

They didn’t have an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master with them, so they knew they had to kill the Territory Lord before he broke free, or else they would suffer heavy losses.

Following that, several Divine Abilities and artifacts were fired at the Territory Lord, causing him to mumble with a gloomy expression, “I thought we could lure a big fish out, but I didn’t expect to see only some small fry!”

Once those words were spoken, the Humans who were vigorously attacking the Black Ink Clan Army instantly felt their hearts sink. One of the Seventh-Order Squad Leaders who appeared to be the leader of this group wore a grim face as he shouted, “Retreat!”

With one shout, every Warship turned around, wanting to leave this place, disregarding their almost-won battle.

All of this was because of the fear they felt after listening to the simple message that came out of the Territory Lord’s mouth.

They had waged this battle to lure out the enemy, but it was not clear which side was the hunter, and which was the fish prey.

“Still not making a move yet?” The trapped Territory Lord bellowed.

Right after he said that, a figure emerged from the shadows. The figure seemed to have merged with the darkness so no one had noticed its existence right up to the moment it appeared and blocked the Warships’ escape route.

On the other side, another Territory Lord released an imposing aura and appeared like a ghost.

All the Humans felt their blood run cold.

There were about a dozen Squads gathered here, so if there was only one Territory Lord, they might be able to handle him. Two Territory Lords would cause them to be in danger, but now there were actually three Territory Lords present!

These three were different from the Territory Lords of old that attacked the Great Passes from the Royal Cities. The Black Ink Clan hadn’t had enough time to naturally cultivate more Territory Lords yet, which meant these three Territory Lords came from the Primordial Heavens Grand Source Restriction and were all Innate Territory Lords. Each one of them wasn’t much weaker than Che Kong.