Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5449: Ten Thousand Black Ink Clansmen


 

The two Armies rapidly approached each other, exuding turbulent killing intent.

At a distance of 1 million kilometres, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship acting as the vanguard began its attack. The many arrays arranged around the Purifying Black Ink Battleship hummed and the artifacts at their core lit up, turning into streams of colourful light that cut through the void, illuminating the outside of the No-Return Pass into a glorious light display.

Each burst of light carried terrifying killing power with it and soon exploded amidst the Black Ink Clan Army, clearing out large regions of space.

The Remnant Army’s only Purifying Black Ink Battleship was brought out from Azure Void Pass, and it could be said to contain the remaining essence gathered from the entire Great Pass, so its might was several times stronger than an ordinary Purifying Black Ink Battleship.

The 1,000 or so Human soldiers stationed aboard the Purifying Black Ink Battleship were essentially all there to power the excessive number of Arrays installed on its hull.

Before the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was breached, they did not need to head out to fight the enemy hand to hand, they only needed to activate the various Arrays and rely on the might of the artifacts.

Not once had a Purifying Black Ink Battleship appeared with such a luxurious loadout before.

The first round of attacks came as a shock to the Black Ink Clan and the 10 Territory Lords instantly realised that this Purifying Black Ink Battleship was different from the others.

They had also seen the Humans’ Purifying Black Ink Battleships before, but what they saw in the past could hardly compare to the might of the Warship before them now.

So, after a brief discussion, five of the Territory Lords charged straight at the Purifying Black Ink Battleship under the cover of their subordinates.

Regardless of where this Remnant Army came from, they seemed to be heavily reliant on this Purifying Black Ink Battleship, so as long as they could finish it off, the Human’s strength would be greatly reduced, leaving the enemy at their mercy.

With the combined strength of five Innate Territory Lords against only one Eighth-Order Master standing guard aboard the battleship, it was practically impossible for them to fail.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Soon, with the sacrifice of their subordinate Black Ink Clansmen, the five Territory Lords were able to close to a distance of 100,000 kilometres from the Purifying Black Ink Battleship. From this distance, the Innate Territory Lords could fully exert their strength against this Purifying Black Ink Battleship.

However, before they could make their moves, a stream of light suddenly emerged from the Purifying Black Ink Battleship. The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master overseeing the battleship actually charged out to meet them.

The Territory Lords all had sharp vision and excellent memory, so they could naturally tell at a glance that this was that Eighth-Order Human Master who had constantly picked a fight with them outside of the No-Return Pass two years ago.

Similar to the Territory Lord who was cut down by Yang Kai previously, these five greatly underestimated Yang Kai’s strength, thinking that he was only uniquely gifted at escaping and not really that strong.

So, none of the five Territory Lords put this man’s charge to heart. Instead, they each gathered their strength, intending to blast apart this arrogant Human together with the Purifying Black Ink Battleship!

However, the Eighth-Order Human’s figure suddenly blurred and disappeared from their sight.

The next moment, three Territory Lords howled in pain as if they had been subjected to some unbearable torture, their faces twisting in agony.

In an instant, three powerful Innate Territory Lords were rendered helpless.

The remaining two had no idea what happened to their companions, but they were too shocked to even react. They had sensed a surge of Spiritual Energy just now, but they had no idea what took place.

Before they could check on the condition of their companions though, the soldiers on the Purifying Black Ink Battleship who had received Yang Kai’s instructions ahead of time activated all of the Offensive Arrays and fired in the three disabled Territory Lords’ direction.

If these three had been at their peak, then such an attack would not have been much of a threat to them; however, with their Souls being torn into at this moment, they were in a heavily dazed state and unable to react promptly.

The Purifying Black Ink Battleship had hundreds of arrays installed, and all of them shot at once in three directions, completely enveloping the enemy Masters. Each Territory Lord was exposed to two to three hundred attacks, each of which was at least equivalent to the full-powered blow of a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, with a dozen or so of them even being comparable to the strength of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

It was as if the entire void had been torn apart in an instant!

The violent tidal wave of energy not only forced the Black Ink Clan Army back, but even the Purifying Black Ink Battleships’ shields flickered furiously as they were hit by the shockwaves from the close-range explosions.

Amid this chaos, three powerful auras were extinguished.

The three targeted Innate Territory Lords died just like that!

As the dust settled, Yang Kai reappeared and swept his spear out at the two remaining Territory Lords.

The veins on his forehead were throbbing and both his eyes had gone bloodshot. The indescribable feeling of pain coursing through his body made him feel as if his Soul was being torn apart, but he still grit his teeth and endured, channelling his pain into a furious onslaught of attacks.

10 Territory Lords led a 300,000-strong Black Ink Army, while the Humans only had four Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters commanding 5,000 soldiers. The odds were not in the Humans’ favour, to say the least.

So, no matter what, the gap in strength had to be reduced.

At such moments, the Soul Rending Thorn was the best card Yang Kai could play.

From his experience killing the sheep-headed Royal Lord, Yang Kai knew the limits of his Soul. If he were to use the Soul Rending Thorn four times at once, his consciousness would blur to the point where he was no longer able to think rationally just like last time.

He was lucky back then and continued fighting on pure instinct despite blacking out, even managing to kill the sheep-headed Royal Lord in the end, but Yang Kai could not even remember how he accomplished that. He only knew that he had brought out his Dragon Bead since he noticed it was damaged when he inspected his wounds after the battle.

Only by attacking with his Dragon Bead was Yang Kai able to kill a Royal Lord as it was his most powerful trump card.

However, he wouldn’t always be so lucky. So, Yang Kai only used three Soul Rending Thorns this time, targeting three Territory Lords.

This was complemented by a powerful attack from the Purifying Black Ink Battleship, which felled the three Territory Lords in one swoop as he expected.

After such an opening move, Yang Kai could just barely manage the remaining two.

The two surviving Territory Lords were both in a state of shock after the instant deaths of their three companions, so they put almost all their strength into defending themselves lest they follow in the footsteps of their companions, which gave Yang Kai an easier time dealing with them.

The fight started so furiously that it vastly exceeded the expectations of the Black Ink Clan.

They had originally planned for the five Territory Lords to surround and attack the Purifying Black Ink Battleship while the remaining five would deal with the other three Eighth-Order Masters, which should have been enough to keep the Humans pinned down. However, the five who were supposed to deal with the Purifying Black Ink Battleship had instantly failed.

The fall of three Territory Lords not only left the remaining two at the enemy’s mercy, it also completely astonished the other five.

Ou Yang Lei and the others were stunned at Yang Kai’s methods, but they also knew that they could not waste the momentum that Yang Kai built up for them and immediately led their troops towards the Black Ink Clan while they themselves engaged the other five Territory Lords.

One by one, lights shot out from the Squad Class Warships.

5,000 against 300,000, yet the Black Ink Clan Army was clearly on the back foot, constantly retreating towards the No-Return Pass.

The dissipation of auras could constantly be felt. The Black Ink Clan’s casualties were innumerable, but Warships were beginning to explode on the Human side, leading to the collapse of Small Universes.

However, no one mourned at this moment. Every Human soldier knew that this would be a steep uphill battle. If they did not break through the blockade of the Black Ink Clan at the No-Return Pass, then they would end up wandering the Black Ink Battlefield until the day they died, never again having the opportunity to return to the 3,000 Worlds to rejoin the main Human Army.

At the central vanguard, Yang Kai fought two Innate Territory Lords alone. Borrowing the momentum from the first attack that left the two Territory Lords hesitant, he was able to gain an absolute advantage.

Right now, even though the heritage of his Small Universe was not much stronger than when he just walked out from the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai’s overall combat strength had increased significantly.

For him, his encounters with the Territory Lords had allowed him to hone his skills and develop a far better control over his own power, especially his many Dao Strengths. He was also constantly gaining new insight into these various Grand Daos whenever he used them in battle.

The Soul Warming Lotus constantly emanated a feeling of coolness that soothed his damaged Soul, slowly stabilizing his state of mind.

Seizing this opportunity, Yang Kai opened up some distance from his enemies and executed a Secret Technique.

In a flash, a Golden Crow cried out and a Great Sun rose.

In the next moment, a cold Full Moon manifested as well.

The Sun and Moon orbited around Yang Kai, exuding the mysteries of Time and Space.

A profound power fluctuated forth as the Sun and Moon spun in a kaleidoscope of light. The vast void was filled with Space-Time Strength, making it seem as if time was standing still when viewed from the outside while Space froze in place.

A large swath of the void seemed to be cut off from the rest of the Universe by some strange force.

Yang Kai widened his eyes and stared carefully.

The last time he used his Sun and Moon Divine Wheel, he saw something unusual. At that time, his Sun and Moon Divine Wheel seemed to shatter the Space-Time continuum, allowing him to see fragments of the future.

In one of those flashes, Yang Kai saw himself holding the severed head of the sheep-headed Royal Lord as countless Black Ink Clansmen surrounded him, seemingly in worship, but were in fact encircling him to kill him.

But this time… he was unable to see anything.

Still, the might of the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel did not decrease in the slightest. In fact, it had even become slightly stronger than before.

This Secret Technique could be considered one of Yang Kai’s strongest methods right now and was far less risky than the self-harming attack of his Dragon Bead. Even the sheep-headed Royal Lord at that time had suffered when struck by this Secret Technique, so nothing need be said about two flustered Innate Territory Lords.

It was just a flash before the frozen void seemed to return to life, but in that instant, the huge region of space that flowed with Yang Kai’s Space-Time Strength seemed to have passed through millions of years.

As Space and Time re-aligned, all the Black Ink Clansmen within that region of the void, whether it be the Territory Lords or the regular Black Ink Clan soldiers, all of them disintegrated into a cloud of Black Ink Strength, disappearing without a trace.

The five Innate Territory Lords who initially targeted the Purifying Black Ink Battleship had all died!

A single Sun and Moon Divine Wheel massacred 100,000 Black Ink Clansmen in an instant!

The morale of the Humans soared while the Black Ink Clan was horrified.

There was not one of them whose eyes were not filled with terror. 10 Territory Lords came out to meet the Humans in battle, yet mere moments into the fight, half of them had already been killed. 

Was that really an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master?

When did Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters become so powerful?

They weren’t the only ones who were terrified, even the Territory Lords who remained inside of the No-Return Pass shivered in fright as they witnessed this.

The Royal Lord overseeing the No-Return Pass was in a state of disbelief.

There were four Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the enemy Army, but while three could be disregarded since they fell within the limits of what an ordinary Eighth-Order Human should be capable of, the one who commanded the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was so powerful that it was hard to wrap one’s mind around.

The Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities this Human unleashed were so astonishing they didn’t even seem possible.

After debating for a moment, the Royal Lord came to a decision.

He could not allow such a Human to live; otherwise, if he were left to grow and one day reach the Ninth Order, would he not then be able to cut down Royal Lords like he was chopping fruits or vegetables?

Currently, the Black Ink Clan did not have many Royal Lords left among their ranks; otherwise, he would not be the only one overseeing the No-Return Pass.