Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5454: Sealing the Gate

At that moment, Yang Kai had already passed through the Territory Gate.

He did not encounter any obstacles along the way, both because he had used his Space Principles to merge with the Void to hide his aura, making it difficult for the Black Ink Clan to notice him, and because the portal was being guarded very closely.

The Black Ink Clan had already begun their attack on the Barren Territory. This was their battlefield against the Human Race, and as long as the Human defence lines here were completely destroyed, they would be able to conquer the entire 3,000 Worlds. When that time came, with the insidious nature of Black Ink Strength, the Black Ink Clan’s strength would snowball and grow to the point where the Human Race couldn’t fight back.

Therefore, it did not matter to them whether they guarded the Territory Gate or not. The Humans would not think about capturing the portal since their goal was the same as the Black Ink Clan. Only by fighting here could they be rid of them once and for all.

As for capturing the Territory Gate, nobody had even thought about it since it was a senseless endeavour.

As such, Yang Kai had no difficulty crossing the portal.

When Su Yan sensed him, he had also sensed her and raised his head in a hurry, but he could not catch Su Yan in his sight.

They were simply too far apart!

It was surprising to him that Su Yan had also joined the fight.

When he entered the Black Ink Battlefield, Su Yan, Shan Qing Luo, and Zhu Qing were still in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land to cultivate. More than 1,000 years had passed since then.

Since Su Yan was participating in the war, then the Divine Spirits of the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land must be participating as well. Yang Kai understood the crux of the matter instantly. It was no wonder he saw so many Divine Spirits on the battlefield just now.

It was impossible to say that he was not worried. Even though it had been more than 1,000 years, he was still not sure to what extent Su Yan could grow in that period. What’s more, on this chaotic battlefield, even Eighth-Order and Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could fall.

However, as things had already come to this point, worrying was pointless.

The battle for the Barren Territory was one that concerned the entire 3,000 Worlds. If the fight here was lost, then the 3,000 Worlds would be doomed.

After tossing aside the miscellaneous thoughts weighing his mind, Yang Kai tried to forcibly suppress the head-splitting pain from using four Soul Rending Thorns. If he wanted to recover from this, then he would likely have to wait for the Soul Warming Lotus to slowly mend his Soul.

When he stepped into the portal, Yang Kai’s Space Principles flared and the seemingly short distance between the endpoints of the Territory Gate seemed to stretch infinitely rather than send him back to the Black Ink Battlefield immediately.

Instead of fully going through, Yang Kai actually remained inside the portal.

An ordinary person couldn’t do this as anyone who passed through a Territory Gate would definitely reemerge in the Black Ink Battlefield or the Barren Territory.

However, Yang Kai was a Master of the Dao of Space and had already reached the level of Summiting the Peak. So, with a clever use of Space Principles, it was easy for him to stretch the space inside the portal.

He was in no hurry to return to the No-Return Pass. Instead, he wanted to seal the Territory Gate completely!

Just like he did back then when he went from the Black Territory to the Black Ink Battlefield.

The Barren Territory was the Second Battlefield imagined by the Ancient Ancestors, and they had long emptied up that territory. In other words, it was simply impossible for the Black Ink Clan to obtain any resources from the Barren Territory. Without resources, the Black Ink Clan would not be able to breed new Clansmen.

The Black Ink Clan was now completely dependent on the No-Return Pass for reinforcements and supplies.

Tens of thousands of Black Ink Clan teams were sent to harvest resources across the Black Ink Battlefield and deliver them to the Black Ink Nests, where new Clansmen were bred. At this moment, all of the High-Rank Black Ink Nests were located in or around the No-Return Pass, even using the destroyed Great Passes as platforms.

As such, as long as the Territory Gate connecting the Black Ink Battlefield to the Barren Territory was closed, the flow of supplies and reinforcements to the Black Ink Clan would be cut off.

Without reinforcements, one more death on the battlefield would mean one less Black Ink Clansman to deal with. Sooner or later, they would be wiped out by the Human Race.

Even if all the Black Ink Clansmen in the Barren Territory were wiped out, it would be difficult to say that the scourge of the Black Ink Clan was completely dealt with, but at the very least, the 3,000 Worlds could be kept safe, and the situation would basically return how it was to before the No-Return Pass was lost.

With that logic in mind, Yang Kai knew he had to seal the Territory Gate connecting the No-Return Pass and the Barren Territory.

No one else had the means to achieve this.

Currently, the Clan Leader of the Phoenix Clan may have the necessary skills to achieve this as well, but she was far too big of a target. As a Master on par with the current Dragon Clan Leader, she was under constant watch by at least two Royal Lords, making it impossible for her to move as she pleased.

As early on as when he decided to attack the No-Return Pass, Yang Kai had this idea in mind. Only, he never mentioned it to anyone.

If the Remnant Army managed to break through the No-Return Pass, then it would be just as Yang Kai hoped, while if all seemed lost, he could still take the opportunity to rush towards the Territory Gate alone while the Remnant Army held off the Black Ink Clan.

Originally, Yang Kai planned to seal the Territory Gate as they passed through it; however, what he saw in the No-Return Pass made him change his mind slightly. Right now, the Remnant Army had already arrived at the Barren Territory, and a large Human Army had rendezvoused with them, temporarily putting them out of danger. Only now did Yang Kai turn back to the portal.

As Space Principles fluctuated, the Territory Gate began to shrink and flicker.

Yang Kai had done something similar more than 1,000 years ago, so he naturally had no difficulty now.

As soon as the sealing process began, its visual manifestation in the Barren Territory began showing signs of distortion. The portal, which was originally a giant, churning tear in the Void, now seemed as if an invisible force had smoothed out its chaotic lines.

The speed of rotation gradually decreased, and the torn traces were rapidly healing over.

At first, the Black Ink Clan did not notice anything, but soon enough, they detected the abnormality of the Territory Gate.

Even though they had no idea what this occurrence meant, they relied on the Territory Gate to provide support and reinforcements to their Army so they dared not be careless. At once, a Royal Lord went forward to investigate.

What the Black Ink Clan could notice, the Humans naturally noticed as well.

In particular, the Phoenix Clan who were proficient in the Dao of Space could tell what the source of the portal’s change was, and a loud Phoenix Cry was soon sent out in all directions.

When the Human Masters learned that someone was sealing the Territory Gate, all of their spirits were lifted and they all rushed towards the location of the portal to stop the Black Ink Clan from disturbing the process.

The two Armies immediately engaged in a brutal fight to the death around the Territory Gate, with Masters from both sides falling frequently. Even the powerful Divine Spirits were not spared from the carnage.

Inside of the Territory Gate, Yang Kai pushed his Space Principles to the limit. He knew that as soon as he made his move, the Black Ink Clan would definitely notice, so he had to act quickly to avoid being stopped by them.

Shuttling through the Void from the Barren Territory to the Black Ink Battlefield, Yang Kai not only sealed the corridor, he also filled the Void around him with violent turbulence wherever he passed, adding to the blockage.

This blockage was not permanent or foolproof by any means. If there existed a Master as skilful as him in the Dao of Space, then the blocked Territory Gate could be reopened and the turbulence cleared out in short order.

Only, there were no individuals among the Black Ink Clan who were proficient in the Dao of Space. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It did not matter even if they forced their way through as they would just be swept up by the chaos and forced to aimlessly wander the Void forever.

In just a dozen breaths of time, the portal in the Barren Territory had become as smooth as a mirror, its manifestation disappearing completely.

All the Humans were shocked to see this. How could they not know that their side had succeeded?

Some of the Black Ink Clansmen were unconvinced and rushed towards where the portal was originally located, yet there was no sign of them being transported at all. It was as if they were just traversing past ordinary space.

This made all in the Black Ink Clan’s hearts sink.

Being cut off from their rear support by the Humans was going to be disastrous for them.

They needed to act quickly…

Otherwise, their troops would be eradicated, and they would have no chance of turning the tides anymore.

Once Yang Kai blocked up the entire corridor and returned to the No-Return Pass, he immediately saw Niu Niu fighting against several Territory Lords.

It had been less than a half cup of tea’s time since Niu Niu stopped their pursuers, allowing Yang Kai to lead the Remnant Army to the Barren Territory, and his subsequent return alone.

In just a short half a cup of tea’s time, Niu Niu had already been beaten beyond recognition. Countless pieces of his body were torn to shreds and he was now practically a broken skeleton that barely managed to maintain its original shape.

The Ox Monster was certainly very strong, but it was still no match for a dozen Innate Territory Lords combined.

In a few more moments, it would surely be torn completely to shreds.

Yang Kai could not bear to watch this scene any longer, but he had no intention of helping either. Niu Niu was already dead and was now shining his final light. If he tried to help, he would only be throwing himself into a trap.

The Old Ancestor of Azure Void Pass was the same. On another battlefield, the Old Ancestor stood alone, fighting against the Royal Lord there as well as several Territory Lords. It was clear that his energy was already close to being exhausted.

After returning to the No-Return Pass again, Yang Kai raised his hand and summoned his Azure Dragon Spear before rushing straight to the Central Square.

Niu Niu was about to give up resisting, but when he noticed Yang Kai’s aura, he immediately became energized and mooed to the sky, desperately distracting his opponents lest they cause trouble for Yang Kai instead.

The Old Ancestor acted similarly.

Even though they noticed that Yang Kai had come back, the Territory Lords were unable to extricate themselves from their current battles. They could only scream and shout for their subordinates to stop him.

But how could such dregs stop Yang Kai, whose current strength was sufficient to easily kill an Innate Territory Lord with just one Soul Rending Thorn? Even without a Soul Rending Thorn, he could similarly kill Innate Territory Lords quickly while only paying a small price.

The Feudal Lords were simply unable to block his way, and any who tried simply turned into broken corpses.

After cutting through the Black Ink Clan’s Army in a reign of terror, Yang Kai descended upon the square with great momentum.

With just one sweep of his Divine Sense, he found the aura of Ji Lao San, who was heavily suppressed and imprisoned. Even with the power of a Divine Spirit to protect him, he was already showing signs of being corrupted after being in contact with Black Ink Strength for who knows how long.

Ji Lao San’s Dragon Form was also locked in place firmly by a type of black chain.

He no longer had much power to resist.

Without hesitation, Yang Kai’s body erupted in a golden light, and following a Dragon Roar, he instantly transformed into a 70,000-metre-long Ancient Dragon.

He grabbed the black chains holding Ji Lao San down and his Dragon Force burst out.

Ji Lao San knew what Yang Kai was trying to do, and under their combined efforts, the chains were swiftly snapped.

“Transform into your Human Form!” Yang Kai roared at him.

Ji Lao San reacted quickly and shrank down, assuming a Human shape.

Yang Kai grabbed him with his claws and with a swing of his giant body, wiped out the Black Ink Clansmen around him. Amid a loud Dragon Roar, he disappeared towards the depths of the void without looking back.

From the distance, a loud Dragon Roar resounded, “I’ve blocked the Territory Gate and cut off the supplies to the Black Ink Clan on the other side. Victory will surely be ours!”

The Azure Void Pass Old Ancestor, who was fighting the Royal Lord silently and without rest, suddenly grinned at his words and shouted, “Good boy!”

In the next moment, his old flesh completely transformed into a sword light. Man and sword merged into one and slashed out at the Royal Lord, horrifying the latter!