Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5460: The Most Loyal Fatty

With Yan Yi taking the lead, Bian Yuan Shan also cupped his fist, “The Bian Family is also willing to fight for the Human Race!”

The remaining representatives of the great forces quickly followed suit. Regardless of whether they were truly sincere, who would dare to act presumptuous in front of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master who had earnestly explained so many things to them? It was only natural for them to express their respective attitudes.

“Good!” Yang Kai shouted, adopting the posture of a senior expert, “Unity is strength! With your determination, the 3,000 Worlds will not need to fear the Black Ink Clan!”

Among all the people present here, nobody knew better than him about the brutality of fighting the Black Ink Clan. When these people stepped onto the battlefield, chances are most would not return alive. Unfortunately, he could only speak such encouraging words under the current circumstances.

Then, he turned back to look at Jiu Yan and said calmly, “As for you…”

Jiu Yan had just managed to purge the Black Ink Strength in his body. Seeing Yang Kai looking at him, he immediately panicked, “Jiu Yan is willing to fight for the Human Race! I will not hesitate to die for this noble cause!”

Yang Kai coldly snorted, “Inciting rebellion for your own selfish interests and shaking the morale of the Army… If this was any of the Great Passes, your death would not be worth pitying. However, the Human Race desperately requires manpower at this moment. As a Seventh-Order Master, you don’t deserve to die by my hand. Go to the battlefield and atone for your crimes!”

Hearing the first half of Yang Kai’s speech made a chill run through Jiu Yan’s body. He thought that he was about to die for certain. The only reason he had tried to incite the others and resist his capture was that he had been unwilling to be controlled by the Cave Heavens and Paradises. Who could have thought that an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would happen to pass by and capture him instead?

After listening to the rest of Yang Kai’s speech though, he finally breathed a sigh of relief. He had been saved. As for atoning his crimes on the battlefield, there was nothing he could do to escape such a fate; therefore, he could only grovel gratefully, “Many thanks for your mercy, Senior!”

Yang Kai raised a hand and placed several restrictions on Jiu Yan’s body. The restrictions sealed Jiu Yan’s cultivation to prevent him from causing further trouble along the road. Yang Kai then instructed Fan Nan and Xi Yuan, “This matter cannot be delayed any further. You should continue on your journey as soon as you’ve finished your preparations here. The Shattered Heaven is still some distance from here so the earlier you arrive, the sooner you can provide support to the situation there.”

“Yes!” Fan Nan and Xi Yuan quickly responded.

Yang Kai nodded, then with a shift of his figure, he vanished from sight.

He was also heading towards the Shattered Heaven; however, it was inconvenient for him to bring these people along with him despite heading in the same direction.

What’s more, he was planning to stop at Void Land along the way. On the way to the Shattered Heaven, he would only need to travel through two additional Great Territories to arrive at Void Land. Such a detour would not take much time.

However, the previous incident made him realise something. The situation on the battlefield in the Barren Territory must be highly unfavourable for the Human Race; otherwise, the Cave Heavens and Paradises would never be forced to gather support from the 3,000 Worlds.

If this was the case for Golden Antelope Paradise, then the other Cave Heavens and Paradises were surely doing the same. The Human Race might just need to gather all the available manpower in the 3,000 Worlds to stand a chance against the Black Ink Clan.

He couldn’t help feeling worried. Although he had sealed the Territory Gate leading to the Black Ink Battlefield from the Barren Territory and severed the flow of reinforcements and supplies to the Black Ink Clan, that did not mean the Black Ink Clan forces were weak.

During his brief exposure to the situation in the Barren Territory, the number of Royal Lords he detected clearly outnumbered the auras of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. This gap between the top Masters was likely to affect the dynamic of the entire war.

Shaking his head, Yang Kai cleared out such distracting thoughts as he hurried onward with all his strength.

It took a whole month of travel before he finally passed through the Territory Gate and arrived in Void Territory. Unfortunately, he was in no mood to admire and appreciate the familiar scenery as he immediately sped forward in the direction of Void Land.

Thanks to the development over the past 1,000 years, Void Land had transformed from a little-known Spirit Province to become famous across the 3,000 Worlds, even possessing several Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Cave Heavens and Paradises had acquiesced to the existence of the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in Void Land, unlike in other Second Class great forces where such Masters would be taken away as soon as they reached such a level, leading to rumours that Void Land was the strongest great force below the Cave Heavens and Paradises!

And those claims were undoubtedly true. Void Land’s situation was unique among the Second Class great forces as none of them had Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

What’s more, the Void Land’s Sect Master was also the Lord of the Star Boundary. By joining Void Land, one could gain an advantage that would give them a higher chance of being sent to the Star Boundary for cultivation as long as they performed well enough!

The Star Boundary was now a true Open Heaven Realm Cradle. Even the Cave Heavens and Paradises were scrambling over themselves to send their outstanding disciples there to reap benefits from the mysteries of the World Tree clone’s nourishment. Be that as it may, the Cave Heavens and Paradises were also limited by certain quotas, so only their most elite disciples would be sent there.

It was precisely due to these benefits that countless people tried to send their disciples with outstanding aptitudes to Void Land for cultivation. In response, Void Land accepted all who came without rejecting anybody.

Nowadays, the disciples in Void Land no longer consisted of just those who were brought out by Yang Kai from the Star Boundary back then. It was not an exaggeration to say that they now included people from hundreds of Great Territories.

There were as many as 300,000 disciples in Void Land, a number that could only be described as shocking. Few Second Class great forces in the entire 3,000 Worlds had so many disciples.

What’s more, each of these disciples had outstanding aptitude which only improved further after they were sent to the Star Boundary for cultivation in their youth. These disciples demonstrated extraordinary talents and performed far beyond their peers. As long as they did not perish as they walked their Martial Dao, they would surely become pillars of Void Land and the Star Boundary in the future.

It was just that too little time had passed, so the potential of these disciples had not been fully realised yet.

At this moment, on top of a mountain peak in the middle of Void Land. A hunch-backed and stooped old man was playing chess with a fat and bloated middle-aged man dressed in elegant robes.

The battle in the Barren Territory was raging, and almost all the great forces in the 3,000 Worlds had been mobilised; yet, for some reason, this scene was so leisurely and elegant. It was truly a rare sight nowadays.

The hunch-backed old man had long, white eyebrows that hung down his face. On the other hand, the fat man sitting on the opposite side resembled a literal meatball. His bloated face was squeezed together so much that there were only slight gaps where his eyes were located. If he smiled, then even those gaps would be lost in the dense mass of flesh.

At this moment, the fat man held an absolute advantage in the chess game. He had set up an encirclement around the chess pieces of his opponent and only needed a few more moves before his victory would be set in stone; therefore, he was looking extremely triumphant.

Leisurely sipping on his tea, he watched the gloomy old man in front of him and did not pester his opponent to hurry up; after all, the old man was getting on in years, so it was only natural for the fat man to be more tolerant.

Besides the chess players, there were also two children standing to the side. One was a boy dressed in black, and the other was a girl dressed in red. The girl had delicate features that made her seem as though she had been carved out of jade. On the other hand, there were no words to describe the boy who was dressed in a simple black shirt. Leaving aside his fangs and sharp teeth, he would also drool for no reason. Furthermore, his saliva would corrode large holes in the ground whenever it dripped.

Although the little girl kept wiping his mouth for him, there seemed to be no end to his drool. It was obvious that the potholes dotting the entire mountain were caused by this boy.

A long time passed, but the stooped old man did not place his piece. The fat man smiled and joked, “Old Man, it’ll be getting dark soon if you don’t hurry up and make your move… Old Man?”

After repeatedly calling out to the old man but receiving no response, the fat man took a closer look. The old man’s eyes were slightly closed, and there was a slight snoring sound coming from him.

The fat man immediately became speechless as he muttered, “Old Man, do you have to pretend to fall asleep every single time?”

Similar situations had happened more than once or twice; in fact, it happened every single time, so it was almost something of a routine.

Just as the fat man was just about to call out again, the old man opposite him abruptly opened his eyes, looked up into the sky, and uncharacteristically shouted, “He’s back!”

The fat man followed the old man’s gaze but saw nothing; thus, he couldn’t help wondering, “Who’s back?”

When he turned back though, the chessboard in front of him was a total mess and the previous game could no longer be discerned. The old man had clearly flipped the board at some point in time.

“Old Man, you…” The fat man didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

However, the old man ignored the fat man and raised his hand above his head. He made a pushing motion as though he was opening a door and the Nine Heavenly Layers Grand Array that covered the entire Void Land instantly split to the left and right.

At the same time, the fat man seemed to sense something and hastily looked back up into the void. With just one glance, he gave a little scream and rushed out at a speed that did not match his bloated body. He immediately went to welcome Yang Kai, who was leisurely strolling towards them.

Before he even approached Yang Kai, the fat man became emotional and wept bitterly, “Sect Master! You’ve finally returned! This subordinate has been waiting for you for 1,000 years! To think that today is finally that day!”

Yang Kai watched as the massive meatball charged towards him while wailing and blubbering; moreover, its eyes, which had been squeezed shut by the fleshy meat until only a tiny slit remained, were desperately trying to open wide at this moment. It was as though the massive meatball was trying to reveal its bloodshot eyes to demonstrate its utmost loyalty and longing.

Yang Kai immediately shuddered in horror and raised his hand to stop the massive meatball. He shouted, “What is this monster!?”

The fat man froze on the spot as if struck by lightning. A while passed before he raised his hand and parted the fringe covering his forehead to the sides. He pushed his fleshy face nearer and squeezed out a smile, “Sect Master, it’s me! It’s the fatty who holds the greatest loyalty for you!”

Yang Kai finally noticed certain familiar features on that fat face and his brow twitched involuntarily at the realization, “Fatty!? Why have you gotten so fat!?”

Chen Tian Fei had always been obese, but after not seeing him for 1,000 years, he had gotten even more bloated than before. He had practically turned into an actual meatball at this point.

“Please don’t tease me, Sect Master. This subordinate will work hard to lose my body fat tomorrow, no, today!” Chen Tian Fei vowed harshly.

“Forget it!” Yang Kai waved dismissively. He knew that Chen Tian Fei did not become fat because he was lazy. Chen Tian Fei’s Secret Art was simply unique, which resulted in his extremely bloated body. If he lost his fat, then his strength would also be greatly reduced.

Chen Tian Fei immediately seized the opportunity to profess his loyalty again. Smiling brightly, he proclaimed, “You are kind and sympathetic indeed, Sect Master. This subordinate is willing to die to repay your great kindness, Sect Master!”

Yang Kai sighed.

After being away for more than 1,000 years, the first person he met as soon as he returned to Void Land was actually Chen Tian Fei. Nevertheless, it was this particular flattering attitude that made him feel a bit warm and fuzzy inside. Thinking back, it had been a wise decision to accept Fatty Chen into the Loyalty List.

Yang Kai was feeling quite happy at the moment, so unable to help himself, he tapped the belly fat on Chen Tian Fei’s stomach. Although the flesh looked bloated, it felt soft and tender to the touch. It was a very comfortable feeling. He joked, “Did you have a comfortable life?”

It was easy to tell at a glance that Chen Tian Fei had advanced to the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm!

Back when Chen Tian Fei offered up the Loyalty List and signed it to preserve his life, he had only been in the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm. That was very different from his current cultivation. However, the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm was his limit. He had initially advanced directly into the Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm, so his cultivation could no longer advance any further.