Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5467: Can You Be More Shameless

However, the situation on the battlefield was constantly changing and even a Royal Lord would not dare to use their Secret Technique without good reason.

In the past, the sheep-headed Royal Lord chasing after Yang Kai had caused his body to weaken considerably by unleashing the Royal Lord Secret Technique. Immediately after, he had taken the full brunt of Yang Kai’s Sun and Moon Divine Wheel, which played a big role in how a mere Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was able to kill him.

Unless there was no other choice or under the premise that their safety was guaranteed, a Royal Lord would never use the Royal Lord Secret Technique to corrupt an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

In any case, Yang Kai had no means of learning the origins of the two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples without locating them first.

While Yang Kai was pondering these matters, the woman from Heavenly River Palace swallowed and refined the Purifying Black Ink Pill. It didn’t take long for the Spirit Pill to take effect, and under its medicinal efficacies, the Black Ink Strength corroding her was slowly forced out of her body.

The man surnamed Wu was overjoyed by the sight and finally believed Yang Kai’s words from before. At the same time, he couldn’t help wondering about something.

Wrapped entirely in darkness earlier, Yang Kai had clearly given off the impression of being a Senior Black Ink Disciple. How was he not affected by Black Ink Strength?

Unfortunately, the man surnamed Wu did not have a deep understanding of Black Ink Strength. All he knew about Black Ink Strength was what he heard from his Honoured Master, so his knowledge was severely limited.

A short while later, the woman’s condition improved considerably and she exhaled deeply and opened her eyes. Although she couldn’t shake off the lingering fears in her heart, she quickly came forward to thank Yang Kai.

Likewise, the man surnamed Wu was extremely grateful.

Yang Kai questioned them briefly and learned that the Cave Heavens and Paradises had dispatched several Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters to Heavenly River Palace. Moreover, the Cave Heavens and Paradises had already reached an agreement with Heavenly River Divine Monarch.

It was not just Heavenly River Divine Monarch though. According to the two Envoys, all three Great Divine Monarchs in the Shattered Heaven were working together with the Cave Heavens and Paradises now.

This was a war that involved the survival of the Human Race, so nobody could afford to stay out of the fight. Although the three Great Divine Monarchs had lived leisurely in the Shattered Heaven for many years, they were familiar with the principle, ‘Without lips, the teeth go cold’.

Therefore, the three Great Divine Monarchs who controlled the Shattered Heaven had come forward. They issued commands to the various Spirit Provinces, ordering Fifth-Order and Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters to gather at the assembly point within the time limit.

In the Shattered Heaven, the command of the three Great Divine Monarchs held more authority than the Cave Heavens and Paradises. As soon as their commands were spread out to the public, all the cultivators who wanted to live peacefully in the Shattered Heaven did not dare to disobey.

Take Bamboo Basket Province for example. Heavenly River Divine Monarch had ordered Tan Chuan to gather 200 Open Heaven Realm Masters in the Fifth-Order and above, so the latter had to ensure that the command was carried out properly if he wanted to keep his life.

In this way, the combat forces in the Shattered Heaven would also contribute to the war.

Meanwhile, the three Great Divine Monarchs had already headed to the battlefield with several Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

The Cave Heavens and Paradises had promised them that they could freely travel to any of the Great Territories in the 3,000 Worlds after the war, regardless of the outcome. As long as they did not commit any outrage, their past transgressions would no longer be pursued.

For the three Great Divine Monarchs, these were conditions that could not be refused.

They were Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters after all, so no matter where they went in the 3,000 Worlds, they would be considered peak existences. It was only due to their fear of the Cave Heavens and Paradises that they remained hidden in the Shattered Heaven for so many years. As such, their lives were usually extremely boring. If they survived this war, then they would no longer need to waste away in the Shattered Heaven. They could go anywhere they wanted.

It was with such incentives that the three Great Divine Monarchs obeyed the Cave Heavens and Paradises; otherwise, nobody would willingly risk their lives if there were no benefits.

However, nobody expected that Black Ink Disciples had already appeared in the Shattered Heaven.

“I want you to spread the message and inform everyone about the appearance of Black Ink Disciples as fast as possible so that others will be wary of suspicious figures. Can you do that?” Yang Kai looked at those two.

The man surnamed Wu considered for a moment, “With the help of Heavenly River Palace’s intelligence network, we can pass the message to the other two Divine Monarchs. Unfortunately, it will take some time since the Shattered Heaven is vast.”

“Just do your best,” Yang Kai nodded as there was nothing that could be done; after all, spreading messages across a vast Great Territory was not a task that could be done overnight.

“Please rest assured, Senior! We will do our best!” The man surnamed Wu cupped his fist.

Yang Kai nodded, but just as he was about to leave, he remembered something and immediately turned around again, “By the way, I’d like to ask about somebody.”

The man surnamed Wu probed, “Who is this person you’d like to inquire about, Senior?”

“Have you ever heard the name ‘Wu Kuang’ in the Shattered Heaven?”

As soon as Yang Kai’s question came out, the expressions of the man surnamed Wu and his Junior Sister became strange. The man surnamed Wu carefully asked, “Senior, are you acquainted with Wu Kuang?”

“I guess.”

The man surnamed Wu smiled wryly, “If it’s ‘that’ Wu Kuang you’re asking about, then he is very famous in the Shattered Heaven.”

After listening to their explanation, Yang Kai learned that Wu Kuang had made a name for himself in the Shattered Heaven over the past 1,000 years.

There was no helping it as the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was simply too overbearing and astonishing. Anyone who made an enemy of Wu Kuang was bound to die a miserable death, having all their strength devoured cleanly by him.

At the beginning, Wu Kuang was only in the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, so the people in the Shattered Heaven did not consider him a significant threat; however, he grew and developed very quickly. After advancing to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm 500 years ago, he became increasingly unscrupulous. Many cultivators in the Shattered Heaven suffered at his hands.

Even the people from Heavenly River Palace, Withering Flame Divine Palace, and Bright Sun Temple were no exception. For that reason, the three Great Divine Monarchs were livid. Withering Flame Divine Monarch Ku Yan even pursued him personally, but Wu Kuang actually managed to escape into the Shattered Ruins.

Withering Flame Divine Monarch searched for a full 100 years with no results. In the end, he angrily returned empty-handed.

It had been a long time since Wu Kuang last appeared, so there was no saying whether he was even alive or not. In any case, more than 200 years had passed since the last time he showed his face and was chased by Withering Flame Divine Monarch.

After listening to the explanation, Yang Kai had a strange expression on his face despite knowing that Wu Kuang would not live a quiet and peaceful life. When he brought Wu Kuang to the Shattered Heaven, he knew that the latter was bound to stir up a storm.

Nevertheless, he never imagined that Wu Kuang would be so reckless as to provoke the three Great Divine Monarchs.

Even so, most of the cultivators in the Shattered Heaven were criminals, so with Wu Kuang’s wicked personality and his Heaven Devouring Battle Law, he couldn’t show mercy in this place.

Of course, Wu Kuang was no fool, so he knew his limits. The disciples from the Cave Heavens and Paradises would often come to the Shattered Heaven for life experience and training, but even if Wu Kuang encountered them, he would not attack them. He knew that nothing would happen to him if he killed the local cultivators in the Shattered Heaven, but he was bound to suffer if he provoked the ire of the Cave Heavens and Paradises.

More than 1,000 years ago, Yang Kai fled from the Shattered Heaven and escaped into the Shattered Ruins when he was chased by Bright Sun Divine Monarch Cheng Yang. On the other hand, Wu Kuang was chased by Ku Yan and fled into the Shattered Ruins around 300 hundred years ago.

Their experiences were rather similar.

As for Wu Kuang’s absence for the past 200 years, the man surnamed Wu speculated that he had died. On the contrary, Yang Kai did not believe that speculation at all. As the saying went, ‘The good die young, but a scourge lasts 1,000 years’. By that logic, with how treacherous Wu Kuang was, he would probably live forever.

It was just that the Shattered Ruins was not a pleasant place. The Divine Ability Sea surrounding the outer layer of the Shattered Ruins was filled with various dangers, so Wu Kuang had most likely been trapped there.

As Yang Kai was thinking such thoughts, a Blood River surged and swept across the Barren Territory battlefield. The Blood River wrapped around a Feudal Lord, churning violently with an extremely corrosive nature.

Caught in the Blood River, even the Feudal Lord could not endure. It didn’t take more than a few breaths for his body to dissolve and Black Ink Strength to dissipate. The Blood River then fearlessly devoured and refined the body of the Feudal Lord, growing even stronger after receiving this nourishment.

On this battlefield, the only person who could cause such a scene was Blood Crow.

Together with Yang Kai during the great crusade, Blood Crow had used his Grand Evolution Immoral Blood Light Scripture to refine Black Ink Clansmen and obtained a great harvest as a result. After tasting such benefits, he had continued using this method to fight.

Although he suffered some drawbacks after refining Black Ink Clansmen, he would be safe as long as he consumed large amounts of the Purifying Black Ink Pill or used the Purifying Light in the Purifying Black Ink Battleships. Consequently, Blood Crow was the most frequent visitor to the Purifying Black Ink Battleships at Yin-Yang Pass.

Be that as it may, his growth was extremely remarkable. He could now be considered among the strongest Seventh-Order Masters alive. Even Feng Ying from back then could not compare with him. Combined with his brutal method of fighting the Black Ink Clan, even his comrades, who were part of the Human Race, couldn’t help feeling frightened of him.

Just as he was about to successfully refine the Feudal Lord though, a figure rushed over from the side and reached out a hand. A mysterious energy surged, forcefully stealing away most of the energy inside the Blood River.

Blood Crow was furious. Turning to the side, he roared, “Wu Kuang, can you be more shameless!?”

Wu Kuang snorted with laughter, “You’ve eaten too much. Be careful, or your belly might burst. This King is simply helping you out. There’s no need to thank me!”

Blood Crow was so furious that his face visibly twitched.

He originally thought that Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture was the evillest Secret Art in the world, until he encountered this person known as Wu Kuang on the Barren Territory battlefield.

Wu Kuang cultivated a Secret Technique known as the Heaven Devouring Battle Law. The effects of this Secret Technique were similar to Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture as they both refined foreign energy to enhance their strength.

However, the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture could only refine Blood Essence, while there was nothing the Heaven Devouring Battle Law could not refine. Forget the Blood Essence of the Black Ink Clan, even Black Ink Strength could be refined with the latter!

When Blood Crow first saw Wu Kuang directly refining Black Ink Strength, he was shocked to the core. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Black Ink Strength was extremely corruptive. Once touched by Black Ink Strength, it would stick to a person like maggots on rotting bones. If the Human Race did not have Purifying Light and Purifying Black Ink Pills, there would not have been a crusade in the first place. They would also have suffered a crushing defeat by the Black Ink Clan during the battle outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction without these two methods.

Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could prevent Black Ink Strength from corrupting them to a degree, but Wu Kuang could just rush straight into the dense Black Ink Clouds to refine them.

What shocked Blood Crow even more was that the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was said to be a Secret Art created by Wu Kuang himself! This kind of genius was simply awe-inspiring!

If that were all, Blood Crow would have been scrambling over his feet to become close acquaintances with Wu Kuang to exchange their experiences in refining and devouring. They might even have become close friends. However, Wu Kuang constantly snatched the benefits that were just about to fall into his hands. Such actions infuriated Blood Crow and made him hate Wu Kuang.

There was nothing he could do though since his Secret Art was inferior. He could only resign himself to his fate or curse at Wu Kuang even though his prey had been stolen as he couldn’t do anything more to Wu Kuang.

Thanks to the powerful devouring nature of their respective Secret Arts, these two were considered apex Seventh-Order Masters. They also made a name for themselves on the Barren Territory battlefield, standing out from even the top Seventh-Order Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises.