Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5468: Black Ink Disciples’ Goal

However, Blood Crow had enough self-awareness to know there could only be one outcome to a duel between the two of them.

He would be completely devoured by Wu Kuang and turned into nothing but a pile of bones!

When it came to devouring energy, the Grand Evolution Immoral Blood Light Scripture paled in comparison to the Heaven Devouring Battle Law.

At the moment, both Wu Kuang and Blood Crow were under the jurisdiction of the Great Evolution Army. They served as Division Commander Feng Ying’s right-hand men!

Wu Kuang’s appearance in Barren Territory was the result of a series of coincidences. A while back, he had offended one of Ku Yan’s men and Withering Flame Divine Monarch personally came forward to kill him. Wu Kuang had no choice but to flee into the Shattered Ruins in the hopes that the dangers there would help him escape Ku Yan’s pursuit.

Wu Kuang was an intelligent fellow, so it was not surprising he could think up the same strategy that Yang Kai once used.

Wu Kuang broke into the Shattered Ruins and was caught in the Divine Ability Sea, but he was actually more fortunate than Yang Kai.

Yang Kai deduced that no one heard anything from Wu Kuang for 200 years because he was stranded inside the Divine Ability Sea, but in reality, Wu Kuang managed to get out of that place after just one year; furthermore, he even stumbled into the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land by chance.

He had no clue he was in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land and assumed that he had fallen into an unknown Sealed World. Just as he was searching for opportunities, he chanced upon a golden rooster.

That golden rooster was innocent and naive. He had apparently lived much of his life in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land and was unfamiliar with the sinister side of Humans’. In fact, he even excitedly approached Wu Kuang, an unfamiliar face.

Wu Kuang, a lawless person through and through, immediately started getting ideas when he noticed that the golden rooster seemed to possess a Divine Spirit Bloodline but was still just a fledgling.

While he had devoured all kinds of beings in his life, Wu Kuang had not tasted a Divine Spirit with power equivalent to a Master in the Open Heaven Realm before. There was a high chance that his power would soar to greater heights if he could consume this rooster.

With this mind made up, Wu Kuang decided to act immediately. He used his Heaven Devouring Battle Law to try and devour the golden rooster, but just as he made his move, a much bigger golden rooster appeared.

Wu Kuang finally realised that an older golden rooster had followed the little one, and the older one’s strength was akin to a peak Eighth-Order Open Heaven Master!

Once again, Wu Kuang cut a sorry figure as he fled. In fact, he would likely have met a disastrous end if the commotion had not drawn the attention of Shan Qing Luo, who was cultivating nearby.

The two were shocked to see each other as neither expected to run into an acquaintance from the outside world in this place.

Shan Qing Luo acted as a mediator and Wu Kuang was able to set aside his pride and sincerely apologise. After finding out that Wu Kuang was an old acquaintance of Yang Kai, and since Great General had not actually been harmed, Mie Meng decided to let Wu Kuang off the hook just this once. Thus, things were settled just like that.

However, Mie Meng did give Wu Kuang a harsh warning. She would not show any mercy if he ever tried to approach her child again.

Naturally, Wu Kuang gave his word, for what that was worth…

After talking to Shan Qing Luo, Wu Kuang finally realised that he had ended up in Divine Spirit Ancestral Land. Shan Qing Luo was not the only one here either. Su Yan, Zhu Qing, and all the others from Void Land who had Divine Spirit Sources and Bloodlines were all cultivating here and had been for several hundred years.

Ordinary Humans were not allowed to remain in Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, so Shan Qing Luo reached out to Su Yan and the others. They were all discussing sending Wu Kuang away when the Black Ink Clan captured the No-Return Pass and the war erupted in the Barren Territory.

The Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan sent word for the Divine Spirits in Ancestral Land to come to their aid in the Barren Territory.

When the Divine Spirits received this message, they rushed to the No-Return Pass at once with the Four Phoenix Pavilion and Kun Clan at the helm. Wu Kuang decided to tag along to witness the excitement.

For the time being, he dared not return to the Shattered Heaven, so he figured he might as well join the fun on the Barren Territory battlefield.

Due to their connection with Yang Kai, the others apart from the Divine Spirits from the Ancestral Land, such as Su Yan, Shan Qing Luo, Liu Yan, Jiu Feng, and the others from the Star Boundary were all taken into the Great Evolution Army under the command of Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao.

Once the group arrived at the Barren Territory battlefield, Wu Kuang took to the place like a duck to water. He could unleash his Heaven Devouring Battle Law here to the fullest without anyone condemning him, allowing his cultivation to rise rapidly.

He felt as if he had been born for battlefields such as this. Black Ink Strength, something that all Humans feared and reviled, was actually the greatest supplement he could obtain.

In this place, Wu Kuang developed a kind of kinship with Blood Crow, who cultivated the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture. He took good care of the latter, so much so that anyone who saw his actions would be moved by him, in a good way, of course.

…..

Of course, Yang Kai knew nothing of Wu Kuang’s eventful escapades. After giving his instructions to the Senior Brother and Junior Sister of Heavenly River Palace, he passed them a large number of Purifying Black Ink Pills and informed them that anyone who was corrupted by Black Ink Strength but had not turned into a Black Ink Disciple yet could consume this pill to drive the Black Ink Strength out of their body.

The woman had experienced this herself and so greatly valued these pills. She accepted them with a grateful heart before both she and her Senior Brother vowed that they would do as Yang Kai requested and ensure that his instructions were carried out to the letter.

It was only then that Yang Kai took his leave.

“Are you not heading to Barren Territory?” Ji Lao San quickly asked when he noticed that Yang Kai seemed to be heading in the wrong direction.

Yang Kai shook his head, “Something’s happened in the Shattered Heaven. Black Ink Disciples have shown up here, so I need to investigate their movements and check where they came from. I will have to trouble you with something though, Brother Ji.”

“Do tell.”

“Make a trip to Barren Territory and tell them that Black Ink Disciples have appeared in the Shattered Heaven. Also, please ask the Old Ancestors there if a Royal Lord has used the Royal Lord Secret Technique to corrupt some Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. If that’s indeed the case, then I’m afraid a portal from the Barren Territory to the Shattered Heaven has somehow been opened. The Old Ancestors must locate the point of connection and find a way to block the linkage. The Phoenix Clan’s Leader should be able to take care of it!”

Ji Lao San was fully aware of the severity of this request, so he immediately nodded and agreed, “I understand. I’ll leave for the Barren Territory right now.”

“Also, tell them to send some people over to the Shattered Heaven to guard the Territory Gates.”

Since there were Black Ink Disciples in the Shattered Heaven, if the Humans did not seal off this place at once, it was likely that the threat of the Black Ink Clan would soon spread to the other Great Territories.

The situation would still be manageable if the Black Ink Clan remained contained within the Shattered Heaven, but it would be impossible to control the threat if too many Great Territories were infected by Black Ink Strength.

Yang Kai would have personally gone over the seal off the Territory Gate to the Shattered Heaven if he had not been in a rush to pursue the two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples.

Ji Lao San swiftly sprinted for the Barren Territory’s Territory Gate while Yang Kai rushed towards the Shattered Ruins.

According to what the Sixth-Order Black Ink Disciple said, he ran into the two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples by chance and they corrupted him with Black Ink Strength. After doing so, they did not tell him to do anything else other than to corrupt other Humans with Black Ink Strength.

From the looks of it, they had no specific motive for doing so and had merely done it because the opportunity presented itself to them.

It was likely that there were others in the Shattered Heaven who were in the same situation as that Sixth-Order Black Ink Disciple, but it would be hard to pinpoint them if these Black Ink Disciples did not expose themselves.

If things were exactly as Yang Kai guessed, then it was very likely that another portal had opened between the Barren Territory and the Shattered Heaven.

However, the situation in the Shattered Heaven was still fairly stable, which meant that if a new portal existed, it was probably highly unstable. Or else, the Black Ink Clan Army would have flooded through the portal and laid siege to the Humans instead of merely sending two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples over.

They sent Black Ink Disciples because it was easier for them to move about unnoticed since they were Humans. If the Black Ink Clan showed up instead, everyone would easily recognise them for who they were. How could they possibly engage in subterfuge if everyone targeted them everywhere they went?

Yang Kai did not know what the situation was truly like right now, so all of this was just his deductions.

He was even more curious to find out about the purpose behind the appearance of the two Black Ink Disciples.

Although they were heading towards the Shattered Ruins, there was very little chance that they were aiming to get to the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land. There was nothing of value to them there.

However, a thought flashed across Yang Kai’s mind and his expression turned grim at once.

He finally realised what he had been forgetting all along.

[Divine Spirit Ancestral Land! Black Ink Sealing Land! That Black Ink Giant Spirit God!]

Yang Kai would not have given it much thought if it had not been for the precedent set by the Black Ink Giant Spirit God which appeared on the Late Ancient Era battlefield.

That Black Ink Giant Spirit God from the Late Ancient Era battlefield had clearly already died, though his body remained indestructible and even retained the Will to slaughter his enemies. However, the Black Ink Clan used some sort of method to bring it back to life. As a result, outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, the two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods attacked the Human Race Army from both sides and caused their defeat.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Lane had been dead for many years, but its body remained.

Since the Black Ink Clan could awaken a dead Black Ink Giant Spirit God from the Late Ancient Era battlefield, why would they not awaken the one in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land?

If the two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples had come with that goal in mind, there was only one possibility!

They wanted to reawaken the Black Ink Giant Spirit God at Divine Spirit Ancestral Land!

Yang Kai felt goosebumps all over his scalp.

A Giant Spirit God was too powerful of an existence. Even if over a dozen Old Ancestors joined forces, they might still fail to lay a finger on a Giant Spirit God.

Although the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were created by Mo, they were essentially on par with true Giant Spirit Gods. Just their massive size was enough to easily unleash Heaven-destroying, Earth-shattering power.

Had Mo reached the realm of being able to create living beings? The fabled Creation Realm!?

If the Black Ink Clan had the power to awaken and unleash the Black Ink Giant Spirit God in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, the Humans were done for.

No one but a Giant Spirit God could stop a Black Ink Giant Spirit God!

After thinking this through, Yang Kai became frantic and desperately urged his Space Principles, moving with all speed towards the Shattered Ruins.

In half a month, he arrived on the outskirts of the Divine Ability Sea. It looked just the same as the last time he came here, as if the passing of time meant nothing in this place.

The situation at this Divine Ability Sea was similar to the Late Ancient Era battlefield, but the one there had been left after a great battle, whereas the one here was specifically created by Humans.

The last time Yang Kai was here, he did not understand why there was the Divine Ability Sea here until he saw the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

The Divine Ability Sea was a barrier against the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, acting like a cage to keep it imprisoned.

However, the Ancestral Strength of the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land was able to suppress Black Ink Strength, and the Dragon Emperor and Phoenix Empress of that generation used the Sacred Treasures of 16 Divine Spirit Clans to forge an immense Sealing Array. After countless aeons, the Ancestral Strength had worn away all of that Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s power, leaving nothing but an empty shell behind.

This was the reason why Yang Kai did not consider this possibility until now.

He secretly hoped that the two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples’ motives were not as he deduced as he dove straight into the Divine Ability Sea. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He was only a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master the last time he came here, so he and Xia Lin Lang went through great pains before they stumbled into the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land.

Now that he was an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, Yang Kai was over 100 times stronger than he was back then, so he simply forged ahead boldly.