Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5476: Third Soul Clone

The initial location of this second Territory Gate was overlooked because it was covered by the corpse of the first Black Ink Giant Spirit God. The Human Race never imagined that this was all the Black Ink Clan’s deliberate attempt to conceal the truth. Now, however, this region had become a battleground for the forces of the two Races, with control see-sawing back and forth numerous times. The battle was so intense that the likes of it had not been seen since the war outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction 500 years prior.

Under such tense circumstances, the Human Race could no longer dedicate additional Masters to other tasks.

So, despite the fact that Hong Hu delivered the news about the Ancestral Land Black Ink Giant Spirit God awakening, only Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was able to intercede.

It wasn’t that the other Old Ancestor didn’t want to help, but that they simply couldn’t.

Originally, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao believed that if she arrived in time, the matter of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God could be perfectly resolved, but unfortunately, she was one step too late. The Black Ink Giant Spirit God had awakened and was now passing through the Shattered Heaven, heading towards Wind Mist Territory!

Yang Kai raced through several Great Territories, sealing the Territory Gates as he went. Simultaneously, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was continually pestering the Black Ink Giant Spirit God that had awakened from the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, delaying it as best she could.

She, however, quickly realised that something was off.

According to her and Yang Kai’s previous speculation, Mo’s Soul Clone would head from the Shattered Heaven to Wind Mist Territory, where it would cooperate with the Barren Territory’s Black Ink Clan Armies to rip open the sealed Territory Gate and allow an invasion of the 3,000 Worlds to begin in earnest.

If that was the case though, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God first had to leave the Shattered Heaven then travel across three Great Territories before arriving at Wind Mist Territory. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was also due to this consideration that Yang Kai took the first step to block those connecting Territory Gates.

However, after more than a month of entanglement with the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao realised that the route Mo’s Soul Clone was headed was not to the exit from the Shattered Heaven.

She first assumed that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was lost since it had suddenly awakened; after all, even High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters could get lost in the enormous void without an appropriate Universe Chart in hand.

A Universe Chart was a must-have item for all Open Heaven Realm Masters to travel through the Great Territories.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao first felt fortunate, because if the other party had truly lost its way, it would be delayed for longer.

But after a few days, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao realised something was off.

This Black Ink Giant Spirit God appeared to have no intention of heading to Wind Mist Territory as the direction it was travelling was actually towards the Territory Gate leading to the Barren Territory battlefield!

There were only two Territory Gates in the Shattered Heaven; one connecting to the adjacent Great Territory, and the other to the Barren Territory.

The two portals were on opposite sides of the Shattered Heaven, and no matter how lost the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was, it couldn’t be that foolish!

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was shocked and instantly recognised the issue that had been overlooked for so long.

What method did the Black Ink Giant Spirit God use to erode the boundary wall? Was it only the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods who were capable of re-opening the sealed Territory Gates among all the Black Ink Clansmen?

Realising this, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s increased the intensity of her attacks greatly.

This change caught the attention of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, who had been silent in the face of Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s attacks, finally prompting it to speak, “This is your end. It is destined that the Black Ink Clan will rule the 3,000 Worlds. All of you will become my servants!”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was taken aback and she asked in surprise, “You’re sentient?”

Whether it was the Black Ink Giant Spirit God encountered outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction or the one awakened from the Late Ancient Era battlefield, the Human Race were left with the impression that they were dealing with a monster who knew nothing but how to kill and destroy. Everyone believed that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was solely created as a weapon for battle by Mo. Nobody ever imagined it had sentience and was capable of communication.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods had never communicated with the Human Race, after all.

Mo laughed, “Sentience? Didn’t that na?ve fellow tell you that all Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods are just my Soul Clones?”

This sentence disclosed far too much, and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s beautiful face paled, “You’re Mo!?”

Yang Kai never informed her that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was Mo’s Soul Clone as he had only recently learnt about it from Lu An.

Before that, no one would have guessed that such a massive and powerful Master was solely a Soul Clone.

Seeing the sudden realization of Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, Mo sighed, “You are all much more foolish than Mu.”

In this world, there was probably no one smarter than Mu.

How would Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao care about this mocking attitude when she was so irritated at the moment? She clenched her teeth as she asked, “Are you heading to the Barren Territory?”

While sprinting clumsily, Mo nonchalantly answered, “Of course.”

As Mo passed by a Universe World along its way, it waved its hand and sent out a wave of Black Ink Strength. The previously beautiful rivers and mountains were dyed with Black Ink Strength that instantly corrupted all living beings it touched.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao grit her teeth as she watched the scene, but was helpless to stop it.

Mo had performed this act several times along the way, contaminating countless Universe Worlds and Spirit Provinces with Black Ink Strength.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao suddenly stopped attacking as she knew it was useless. It was a better idea to recover some strength and pry for some information, “You’re not going to Wind Mist Territory?”

Mo laughed lightly and said, “I don’t have to go there.”

“Someone else went there?” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao frowned.

Mo shook its head, “No one went there. He was originally there from the start.”

Various thoughts flashed through the mind of Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao before she blurted out, “The last Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple!”

Ji Lao San reported that two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples had appeared in the Shattered Heaven and were being pursued by Yang Kai. Yang Kai guessed that they were seeking to revive the Black Ink Giant Spirit God sealed in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land. That was also why Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao hastened forth to assist.

As for who the two Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples were, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had no idea either.

But she was certain they were two of the three individuals who had been corrupted by the Royal Lord Secret Technique some years ago.

There were three Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters who were corrupted by Black Ink Strength at that time. Two went to the Shattered Heaven, so what happened to the last one?

Nobody has given it much thought before as although an Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple was certainly dangerous, it was insignificant in comparison to the awakening of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

It wasn’t until now that Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao discovered that the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple had a significant role to play! He remained in Wind Mist Territory, on the other side of the half-opened Territory Gate, for some unknown purpose.

Perhaps Mo was in a good mood since the plan it had been plotting for so many years was about to succeed, so it freely chatted with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao.

“Given that annoying guy’s capability to block portals, he must be quite gifted, but even if a Territory Gate is blocked, there always remains some traces which can be traced. My strength is not something that can be stopped simply by sealing those portals. In fact, even if he was capable of destroying a Territory Gate, I could always force it open again.”

“How do you open them?” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao asked.

Mo was quite satisfied with this listener, so it continued patiently, “Cang was wrong to open the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. At the time, I sent three Soul Clones and a thread of my own Will. That threat of Will could not completely leave the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction though, so it does not affect the overall situation. Putting that aside, can you guess where my three Soul Clones are right now?”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao quickly said, “One was used to awaken the Black Ink Giant Spirit God on the Late Ancient Era battlefield. One is in front of me, and one is… with that Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple?”

Mo praised, “You’re pretty smart after all! En, that Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple has my third Soul Clone. The Territory Gate connecting your 3,000 Worlds to the Barren Territory has been blocked for many, many years, so it is actually quite challenging to force it open. I had to borrow my half-destroyed Soul Clone to open that portal, but that wasn’t enough. Thankfully, I have another spare Soul Clone, and by sacrificing it, that portal will be completely opened!”

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao clenched her teeth, “Since you are capable of completely opening the portal, why did you send people to Wind Mist Territory rather than doing it from the Barren Territory?”

Mo replied, “Awakening this body was always part of my plan. Besides, would you Humans allow me to take action before this body was awakened?”

An ancient existence like Mo was certainly malicious and cunning. To achieve its plan, it was willing to sacrifice a few Royal Lords as well as two of its Soul Clones.

However, the outcome was extremely remarkable. Two out of the three Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters that were corrupted by Black Ink Strength went to the Shattered Heaven to awaken the Black Ink Giant Spirit God while one remained in Wind Mist Territory, preparing to open the portal by borrowing the power of the last Soul Clone to erode the boundary wall.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao felt helpless in the face of such an enemy.

Yang Kai had no idea about this since he believed Mo’s Soul Clone intended to head to Wind Mist Territory, hence why he went all the way to seal the Territory Gates in between.

He even planned to ask the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer to descend the mountain to intervene directly in the war.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao could only hope that Yang Kai would notice the situation when he arrived in Wind Mist Territory, giving him a brief opportunity to foil the Black Ink Clan’s scheme.

As for her side…

There was no need to engage with the Black Ink Giant Spirit God any longer as she understood she couldn’t stop this Soul Clone of Mo on her own.

It was difficult for her to conceive what would happen to the Humans if this Black Ink Giant Spirit God entered the Barren Territory as well.

With this in mind, she no longer hesitated and she shot ahead.

She had to rush back to the Barren Territory before the third Black Ink Giant Spirit God to warn the others.

Mo didn’t even try to stop her. In fact, it actually stopped and simply stood there, watching her leave. At this point, all of its plans had been flawlessly carried out, and all that remained was to savour the sweet victory.

Despite having won though… it did not feel much happiness.

…..

Wind Mist Territory was not well-known among the Great Territories of the 3,000 Worlds, with many never even having heard of it before.

Yang Kai got here less than a month after parting with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao as he had pushed his speed to the limit the whole way.

After blocking the Territory Gate he passed through, he took out his Universe Chart to check his route.

Next, he would proceed to Chaotic Dead Territory and ask Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan for help; if they were quick enough, they might be able to halt the Black Ink Giant Spirit God before it arrived in Wind Mist Territory.

With how dire the situation was. Yang Kai dared not be careless.

He immediately mapped out his next route, and determined he had to pass through five Great Territories to reach the Chaotic Dead Territory. It would take one and a half months with his current speed, so three months in total for a round trip.

Yang Kai clenched his teeth. Time was critical, and he was unsure if he would make it in time; after all, a Black Ink Giant Spirit God was also extraordinarily fast. He could only pray that the sealed Territory Gates would buy him enough time.