Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5478: All Efforts in Vain

Opportunity and danger coexisted; or at least, for those that were weak, that was how they saw the current situation.

“Your foresight and decisiveness are praiseworthy!” Yang Kai nodded. Although he was unaware of the present state of the Territory Gate, he deduced that Wind Mist Territory was bound to be thrown into chaos soon. The only way for the inhabitants of this place to avoid a disaster was to quickly flee.

“Senior Yang is too polite. This is merely an act of self-preservation,” Zhao Long Ji replied.

Yang Kai nodded and continued to ask, “Is there somewhere for you to go?”

“No. We have nowhere to go for now,” Zhao Long Ji answered as he exchanged glances with the other two Sect Masters.

When preparing to flee, Zhao Long Ji contacted the other Second Class Great Force in the neighbouring Great Territory, intending to shelter there for a while; however, this was not a matter that could simply be consented to despite their usual good relationship as they feared that if Wind Mist Sect had any malicious motives, they would find themselves in a vulnerable state.

Therefore, Zhao Long Ji and the rest could only take one step at a time because they had nowhere to go after they completely evacuated Wind Mist Territory. If they were fortunate enough, they might be able to locate a Great Territory that was not guarded by a strong Great Force to settle down and then make future decisions based on what happened in Wind Mist Territory.

“Head to the Star Boundary,” Yang Kai sighed as he vaguely sensed their troubles. Who would willingly accept competition, since each Great Territory possessed their own Great Forces? Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

As soon as the words left his mouth, Zhao Long Ji and others were overjoyed, “Can we really go to the Star Boundary?”

If they were really permitted to go to the Star Boundary, they would willingly migrate there even if Wind Mist Territory wasn’t facing a catastrophe.

Their response made Yang Kai question in confusion, “Why can’t you go to the Star Boundary?”

When Zhao Long Ji heard his question, he suddenly realised that this individual before him, who had been in retreat for many centuries, might not know much about the Star Boundary’s current situation. So, he explained in a somewhat shocked manner, “I’m afraid Senior Yang might not be aware that the current Star Boundary is not somewhere that just anyone can enter at will. To enter the Star Boundary, you need to be sponsored by one of the Cave Heavens or Paradises, or by the local Great Forces of the Star Boundary. Moreover, there is a restriction on the number of people allowed in.”

Only then did Yang Kai remember that the Star Boundary had the World Tree clone, which made it extremely attractive to all cultivators. If there were no such restrictions, the Star Boundary would instantly be overcrowded.

Knowing that continuing to speak without understanding the specifics would just cause more trouble, Yang Kai took out a jade slip and used his Divine Sense to engrave a quick message inside of it before handing it to Zhao Long Ji, “Bring this to High Heaven Palace in the Star Boundary and someone will settle the following affairs.”

Zhao Long Ji was thrilled. With this Faith Token awarded by the Lord of the Star Boundary himself, entering the Star Boundary would no longer be an issue. He was under no illusions that he would actually be able to settle in the Star Boundary, but even remaining in High Heaven Territory would be a massive boon. This worked in his favour as well because he was one step closer to his objective, a possibility of the talented Wind Mist Sect disciples being able to cultivate in the Star Boundary in the future, helping them greatly.

For this, he was extremely grateful towards Yang Kai.

“It’s not only you few. I need you to evacuate as many people from Wind Mist Territory as possible,” Yang Kai waved his hand and ordered.

He looked in the distance and continued, “I’m afraid that this Great Territory… will soon be engulfed in the flames of war.”

Zhao Long Ji’s heart tightened. He had a question, but it was difficult for him to ask, so he only cupped his fist and said, “Rest assured, Lord Yang. I will send disciples to the various Spirit Provinces of the Universe Worlds to deliver this message. Anyone willing to follow us shall not be forsaken.”

“Good.” Yang Kai simply said. Then, after some thought, he followed up, “I still have other responsibilities so I shall take my leave. Spread the news about the Black Ink Clan and Black Ink Strength along your journey to the Star Boundary. If any others are willing to follow you, bring them along with you.”

Zhao Long Ji realised the seriousness of the issue when Yang Kai said this, so he respectfully agreed.

Soon, Yang Kai departed after asking for the exact location of the portal.

Zhao Long Ji frowned as he watched Yang Kai leave, “Although Senior Yang didn’t say much, judging from his words… I’m afraid that Wind Mist Territory really is facing a calamity.”

The Sect Masters of the other two Great Forces nodded their heads in agreement. They were not fools, so they had their own speculations and thoughts about the situation.

How would Yang Kai have given such a command if the circumstances weren’t incredibly dire?

The reason why they were sent to the Great Territory where the Star Boundary was located was that Yang Kai felt that as the only Open Heaven Realm Cradle, the Star Boundary would be the last bastion of the Human Race if the Black Ink Clan really invaded the 3,000 Worlds. Any other Great Territories could be abandoned, but not High Heaven Territory.

As long as the Star Boundary remained, the Human Race would have a chance to make a comeback!

After four hours, Yang Kai finally arrived at the breach in Wind Mist Territory; his heart sank as he looked over the area.

The void here was enveloped in incredibly dense Black Ink Strength that formed into a huge Black Ink Cloud. This was the first time Yang Kai had seen such a pure and dense Black Ink Cloud. Even a Royal Lord’s Black Ink Strength wasn’t this pure.

Black Ink Strength filled a radius of a million kilometres, and it was still spreading out at a speed that was visible to the naked eye.

Yang Kai even felt the fluctuation of Space Principles coming from the centre of the Black Ink Cloud.

Things were far worse than he imagined.

This Territory Gate from Wind Mist Territory to the Barren Territory appeared to have almost completely broken open.

Yang Kai arrived at the same moment the battle in the Barren Territory battlefield reached its peak. Both the Human Race and Black Ink Clan had been directing vast amounts of troops in that direction, and now the whole void was nearly filled with blood and mangled bodies.

The roars of Divine Spirits echoed without stop across the battlefield.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao had already hurried back, bringing back the news that saddened all the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Another Giant Black Ink Spirit God had awakened and was moving in their direction.

The Human Race had finally managed to stabilize the situation after borrowing manpower from the Divine Spirits and many Second Class Great Forces, but if another Black Ink Giant Spirit God rushed in, all their efforts would be in vain.

In the chaos, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was able to get in touch with the Phoenix Clan’s Leader and urged her to shut the Territory Gate leading to the Barren Territory from the Shattered Heaven.

The portal was immediately sealed shut after the Phoenix Clan Leader received the news.

Her mastery over the Dao of Space was stronger than Yang Kai’s, so whatever he was capable of, she was too.

The truth was, she had actually shut the Territory Gate from the Shattered Heaven to the Black Ink Battlefield when the Dragon and Phoenix Clans retreated from the No-Return Pass, but it was forcefully reopened by the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

This was also the reason why Yang Kai noticed the expansion and distortion of the Territory Gate back then. It was because the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had torn it open.

After the invasion of the Barren Territory by the Black Ink Clan, the Phoenix Clan leader intended to repeat the tactic once again, but was not given the chance as her objective was too obvious.

Fortunately, Yang Kai was there to help. He blocked the portal after the death of one of the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods while the other was being held down by Ah Er. The Black Ink Clan was unable to reopen the portal because they were lacking these Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods, which as a result, prevented them from receiving reinforcements.

The Phoenix Clan leader was aware that shutting the portal would not solve the issue, only temporarily alleviate it; however, even another breath of time now was incredibly valuable.

It was no challenge to her to seal a Territory Gate, so she finished this task within moments; however, before she could breathe a sigh of relief, the blocked portal suddenly began to crack. Immediately after, a gigantic hand that seemed to come from another universe punched through the barriers, bursting into the Barren Territory.

Black Ink Strength emanated from the gigantic hand, and it was so intense that it caused the nearby soldiers to freeze in fear under the intimidation of the gigantic hand.

Following, another gigantic hand burst through. Both hands then held onto the sides of the portal tightly, mercilessly forcing it open.

Despite their greatest efforts, Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and the Phoenix Clan leader were unable to hold back the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

Soon, a huge crack was torn open and a giant head poked in, Black Ink Strength flowing off it like a tide.

The Humans in the area immediately scattered; nonetheless, some were still accidentally stained. The Black Ink Giant Spirit God was far more powerful than a Royal Lord, so even if it was a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, they would quickly become corrupted and turn into a Black Ink Disciple without being able to resist. Fortunately, all the Humans carried spare Purifying Black Ink Pills with them, which they quickly swallowed when they noticed the danger.

Both the Grand Army on the frontlines and the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors noticed the abnormality in the rear, but before the Old Ancestors could even come to support them, they were entrapped by the Royal Lords who knew that it was now the critical moment in their plan.

The battle between the top Masters of both Races quickly heated up, and in less than an incense stick of time, Royal Lords and Ninth-Order Old Ancestors began dying.

Though the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had shrunk in size, it was still as majestic as a mountain. It struggled hard through the portal while enduring constant bombardment from Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and the Phoenix Clan leader, yet it showed no signs of backing down.

Half an incense stick later, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God finally stepped out of the portal, reaching the Barren Territory.

Its immeasurable intimidation spread around and all the Open Heaven Realm Masters of lower orders trembled under its awesome pressure.

“The Human Race shall perish! Only this Divine One, Mo, shall reign eternal!” After letting out this roar, as though it was venting the hardships of being imprisoned for millions of years, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God immediately slammed down its sky-covering hand.

When the Phoenix Clan Leader saw this, she wrapped Space Principles around Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and escaped instantaneously.

Just as she turned to look again, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was already laughing wildly, heading in the direction of the second Territory Gate. On its way, Black Ink Strength surged, forcing the Human Race Army to retreat and give way.

The sudden intrusion of an unrestrained Black Ink Giant Spirit God on such a battlefield was simply disastrous for the Human Race. Many Open Heaven Realm Masters who had set foot on this battlefield not long ago had all lost their will to fight at this very moment.

They had never taken part in such a massive, violent war before they were called up by the Cave Heavens and Paradises. They were also far less capable than the elites from Cave Heavens and Paradises, whether it was their Will or strength.

Even with the full resistance of Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and Phoenix Clan Leader, it was impossible to stop this Black Ink Giant Spirit God from moving forward.

The Human Race’s earlier advantage, which placed both Races on roughly equal footing, instantly vanished and only became worse as more time passed. Once it reached the Barren Territory, this Black Ink Giant Spirit God erupted with unparalleled combat power.