Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5479: One Man Guards the Mountain Pass

In less than half a day, this Black Ink Giant Spirit God that broke into the Barren Territory from the Shattered Heaven arrived at the opening.

This was where the body of the other fallen Black Ink Giant Spirit God was located, the Soul Clone of Mo that came out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. After its death, Black Ink Strength that flowed out from its corpse transformed into a Black Ink Ocean, covering a vast swath of the void.

With the help of this coverage, the Black Ink Clan secretly sent out three Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciples without alerting the Human Race.

By this time, all of the Black Ink Clan’s plans had been fully implemented, and the Human Race was powerless to stop them anymore.

With this Black Ink Giant Spirit God charging in all the way, let alone Humans, even the Divine Spirits appeared small and weak in the face of such existence.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God opened its mouth and inhaled deeply when it arrived. Immediately, the vast Black Ink Ocean was drawn in, accumulating towards its mouth like a whale gulping down water.

In just a short while, the Black Ink Ocean that filled the void was completely absorbed, strengthening the already ludicrously powerful Black Ink Giant Spirit God and causing it to grow in size by some 30%.

Without the cover of the Black Ink Ocean, the condition of the region where the sealed Territory Gate was located could be seen at a glance.

The enormous void appeared to be a layer of thin ice that shimmered like rippling light on water in the midst of its warping and distortion. Along with those ripples of light, dense Black Ink Strength could be vaguely felt surging from within as space contorted, as if it was about to shatter apart.

The numerous Ninth-Orders Masters looked at the scene with fire burning in their eyes. They were all aware that the Black Ink Clan’s plan had reached its most vital juncture and that the Barren Territory and Wind Mist Territory would soon be entirely connected after the boundary wall was broken apart.

Judging by the situation, it would not be long now.

The Black Ink Clan Army had begun to gather from all sides, obviously with the intention of guarding the Black Ink Giant Spirit God and the region as a whole.

The conflict over this territory had not ceased as neither the Black Ink Clan nor the Humans would give up. Now, it was not exaggerated to say that 80% of the two Races’ Armies were gathered in this region.

In the past, control of this region had gone back and forth between the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan; however, neither side was able to occupy it for long.

However, things were different now.

The Black Ink Clan now had another Black Ink Giant Spirit God whose aura had just been strengthened after devouring the Black Ink Strength left behind by the fallen Soul Clone.

It would certainly be a challenge to the Human Race to snatch back this stretch of void from the Black Ink Clan now.

Under the orders of the Ninth-Order Old Ancestor and Army Commanders, the Human Race Army, from all directions, intensified their assault.

Countless powerful Divine Spirits flitted around the battlefield, cooperating with the Army to wear down the Black Ink Clan soldiers. As the power of various Secret Techniques and artifacts continuously blasted towards their enemies, the auras of many lives disappeared one after another.

The Human Race’s attacks were repeatedly repulsed however, as the Black Ink Giant Spirit God that charged in from the Shattered Heaven had broken the balance of power between the two Races all on its own.

While the two Races were fighting, it sat still in the void. Although it rarely launched attacks, when it did, it carried an absolutely unstoppable force that even the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters found difficult to resist. Only by working together could the Dragon and Phoenix Clan leaders somehow fight back, but they were still clearly at a disadvantage.

The scene was incredibly disheartening.

All of a sudden, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God abruptly turned its head to gaze at the position of the half-sealed Territory Gate, sneered coldly, then thrust out its palm, causing the already thin, sheet-like boundary wall to shatter.

At the same time, on the opposite side of the boundary wall, Yang Kai’s figure was sent flying several hundred thousand kilometres just from the shockwave before he could stabilise himself.

After cursing for a moment, he surged his Space Principles and used Instantaneous Movement to arrive in front of the almost broken boundary wall.

Upon separating from the Wind Mist Territory’s Sect Masters, Yang Kai followed their directions to locate this portal. Not daring to delay after witnessing the current state of affairs, Yang Kai tried to close and reinforce the breach. If he had succeeded, he might be able to delay things for a while, even if it wouldn’t be enough to stop the Black Ink Clan’s plan. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Yang Kai also found a dying man who was in the same condition as Ye Ming whom he encountered in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land.

Yang Kai didn’t know which Cave Heaven or Paradise this individual came from, but he knew that he was also an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Ye Ming previously carried a Soul Clone of Mo and used a Secret Technique to awaken the Black Ink Giant Spirit God in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, over-drafting his vitality and ultimately causing his death.

Given Ye Ming’s experience, Yang Kai naturally understood what occurred to this Eighth-Order Master before him.

This individual also carried a Soul Clone of Mo! He had clearly unleashed the Soul Clone to corrode the boundary wall connecting this place to the Barren Territory.

Yang Kai’s expression darkened. He had assumed that the awakened Black Ink Giant Spirit God from the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land would arrive here, all because of the words by Lu An before his death.

It was Lu An who told him about the instability of the passage between the Barren Territory and the outside world which could only be completely opened if the Black Ink Giant Spirit God arrived and collaborated with the Black Ink Clan in the Barren Territory.

However, it appeared that this was not the Black Ink Clan’s plan.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God did not have to be present here as there was already an Eighth-Order Blank Ink Disciple with Mo’s Soul Clone to erode the boundary wall from this side.

Such a thin boundary wall would not be able to withstand the force of Mo’s tremendously strong Soul Clone.

[Did Lu An lie to me?]

If that was the case, it indicated that Lu An had yet to rediscover his true self and was still a Black Ink Disciple when he died.

However, Yang Kai was unwilling to believe that. After ascending to the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, Lu An had dedicated his life to the Black Ink Battlefield. He had no complaints even after more than 10,000 years of service, so Yang Kai hoped that he had died as a Human rather than a Black Ink Disciple.

If Lu An did not lie to him, the only explanation was that Lu An was also unclear about the Black Ink Clan’s plan.

His only mission was to wake the Black Ink Giant Spirit God in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land with Ye Ming.

The task of the Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple here was to use Mo’s Soul Clone to erode the boundary wall and open the Territory Gate.

Of course, in the current situation, it was pointless to seek answers to these questions. What worried Yang Kai more was where the awakened Black Ink Giant Spirit God was headed if it was not here.

Yang Kai understood almost immediately that it had gone to Barren Territory, the battlefield of the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan. If that was the case, the Human Race would not be able to interfere, allowing it to achieve its goal by collaborating with its Army and the other Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

Even Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao could not stop it!

As soon as Yang Kai understood everything, he dared not delay anymore. He wanted to quickly block and reinforce the already eroded boundary wall.

However, just as he made a move, a tremendous force from the other side of the boundary wall blasted him away again.

Yang Kai was so anxious that his eyes burned with fire. Now, he finally understood that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had arrived as no one other than a Master like it could cause such an impact across a boundary wall, no matter how thin it was.

When Yang Kai rushed back a second time, what he saw made even his stalwart heart despair.

The boundary wall had entirely shattered, and from the broken Territory Gate, the aura of another Great Territory flowed through Yang Kai could even sense the chaotic energy fluctuating from the opposite side, obviously due to the battle between the Black Ink Clan and the Human Race.

And from the broken boundary wall, a giant hand that radiated incredible energy protruded out, continuously enlarging the gap in the broken boundary wall.

With such a gigantic hand stuck in the boundary wall, Yang Kai had no hope to block the Territory Gate again, no matter how proficient he was within the Dao of Space.

The boundary wall between the Barren Territory and Wind Mist Territory had been completely broken through!

The next instant, a hulking figure with two horns on its head and the aura of a Feudal Lord emerged from the passage, displaying a smug sense of complacency.

He noticed Yang Kai standing not far away and immediately grinned wildly, “How lucky of me! There’s a Human!”

Saying so, he charged towards Yang Kai.

But before he even got close, a pallid light bloomed in his eyes, and his vision became distorted. In that distorted vision, he saw a decapitated body with black blood spurting freely from the neck.

For some reason, he felt that this corpse was somewhat familiar…

He suddenly came to his senses, [Isn’t that my body?]

Without figuring out what happened, his consciousness sank into darkness.

Following him were more Black Ink Clan storming through the passage from the Barren Territory battlefield to Wind Mist Territory.

Yang Kai clutched the spear in his hand, his expression cold as he weaved his Supreme Limitless Spear Art, using the Azure Dragon Spear to unleash a barrage of spear shadows in all directions, slaughtering all the Black Ink Clansmen that were emerging from the Territory Gate.

These Black Ink Clansmen varied in strength, but none were very strong, so in the face of Yang Kai’s attack, they were almost powerless to resist.

The Black Ink Clan were no longer contained in the Barren Territory battlefield since the boundary wall had been breached. Clearly not interested in battling to the death with the Human Army, the Black Ink Clan poured out of the Barren Territory once the Black Ink Giant Spirit God forced open a new portal.

Only in this manner would the Black Ink Clan be able to carry out their next plan.

In such a predicament, Yang Kai had no choice but to stand his ground and kill all the enemies that came through.

He stood alone in front of the passageway and wielded his spear. Before even gaining a clear look at Wind Mist Territory, the Black Ink Clansmen that poured out from the passage died one after another.

As the saying went, as long as one man guards the mountain pass, even a thousand warriors would not be able to enter.

However, no matter how strong Yang Kai was, he couldn’t completely wipe out the seemingly endless stream of Black Ink Clansmen that flooded out through the passageway.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God soon noticed the abnormality too and tried to use the gigantic hand that was forcing open the boundary wall passage to capture Yang Kai several times, but each time Yang Kai managed to avoid its attacks as they were significantly weakened across the Great Territories.

As more Black Ink Clansmen arrived, Yang Kai’s rate of slaughtering became unsustainable.

Initially, these Black Ink Clansmen tried to surge forward to kill Yang Kai, whom they perceived as a formidable enemy; however, after a series of costly defeats, the Black Ink Clansmen must have gotten some sort of command not to engage with Yang Kai at all and instead spread out in all directions as soon as they came out from the passageway.

Yang Kai did everything he could to stop this, but he was ultimately just one man.

Left with no other option, Yang Kai madly surged his Space Principles, causing the surrounding void to fracture like a broken mirror.