Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5480: The Human Race Will Never Surrender

This time, things were much simpler. Even without Yang Kai having to take further action, the Black Ink Clansmen that emerged from the passageway were cut to death by the myriad of Void Cracks.

There were still some that managed to avoid being sliced apart by this web of Void Cracks, but Yang Kai’s follow-up attacks took care of them.

This Secret Technique was something Yang Kai only recently developed, and while it was not particularly powerful, making it useless against truly strong foes, it was highly effective against masses of weaker opponents.

With such a Secret Technique deployed outside of the Territory Gate, any Black Ink Clansman that rushed out from the passageway would inevitably fall into this trap.

All Black Ink Clansmen weaker than Feudal Lords would perish on contact with the Void Cracks, and although the Feudal Lords were slightly more powerful, the innumerable Void Cracks still severely damaged them. Only the Territory Lords were immune to the damage caused by this shattered mirror.

All the current Territory Lords were Innate Territory Lords directly created by Mo’s power. They were absolutely strong and were no weaker than the Human Race’s finest Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

In less than an incense stick, Black Ink Clansmen corpses were piled up as high as mountains outside the exit of the Territory Gate. It was impossible to estimate how many had died. Additionally, besides the weaker Black Ink Clansmen, Yang Kai even managed to kill two Territory Lords right after they appeared.

Unfortunately, Yang Kai had reached his limits. More and more Black Ink Clansmen were pouring out of the portal, and his Space Secret Technique was starting to crumble, a sign that it would collapse any time from now.

Yang Kai had the ability to cast this Secret Technique again, but he was currently being attacked by five Territory Lords so he was rather occupied at the moment.

Taking full advantage of his mastery of the Dao of Space, Yang Kai was fighting back fiercely against these five Innate Territory Lords, and despite his disadvantage, it was the Territory Lords who were constantly leaking cold sweat in the face of Yang Kai’s spear.

After comprehending so many Grand Dao Strengths in the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai’s Supreme Limitless Spear Art had evolved even further, allowing each of his attacks to become illusory and unpredictable, throwing off these Territory Lords’ senses and forcing them onto the defensive. However, these five learnt quickly after two of their own were injured and now refused to act separately no matter how weak Yang Kai appeared to be, insisting on battling him as a single unit. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Kai repeatedly cursed these five Territory Lords in his heart, but there was nothing more he could do.

If they split up and acted independently, Yang Kai could still find a way to break through and pick them off one by one, but facing all five, he was strong in will, but weak in strength, frequently having to take risks to push them back, which only caused him to suffer more injuries.

As time passed, more and more Black Ink Clansmen emerged from the Barren Territory before quickly dispersing in all directions, ignoring the battle between Yang Kai and the five Territory Lords. In no time, their figures disappeared.

Yang Kai experienced a deep sense of despondence and silently understood that Wind Mist Territory was doomed.

The Human Race would no longer have a place in this Great Territory with so many Black Ink Clansmen arriving and scattering in all directions.

Just like a spark, the Black Ink Clan would set everything aflame with their Black Ink Strength. No Great Territory could resist now that the Black Ink Clan had breached the Barren Territory and were spreading out unchecked as the Human Army’s main force remained in the Barren Territory.

The Human Race had been at war with the Black Ink Clan for countless generations, losing innumerable lives in the process, but on this day, all those sacrifices were rendered pointless.

After today, there would be no peace in the 3,000 Worlds!

Filled with shame and resentment beyond words, Yang Kai’s movement became more and more vicious as all he could think about was butchering every single Black Ink Clansman who rushed out from the passage.

On the Barren Territory battlefield, the Human Race Army was equally at a loss when they saw the boundary wall being completely breached and endless Black Ink Clansmen streaming into it.

No matter how difficult things were previously, the Human Race Army was determined to fight the Black Ink Clan to the very end because they were fighting to protect the 3,000 Worlds and every Great Territory teeming with life.

However, when the boundary wall was completely breached, allowing the Black Ink Clan Army to flood out, the determination and Will that drove them previously ruptured as well.

At that moment, countless were at a loss on the battlefield.

Even the Old Ancestors unconsciously came to a halt.

Defeat!

The Human Race had lost.

Looking back to some 600 years ago, it seemed like victory was within their grasp. The goal to eradicate the Black Ink Clan and put an end to the threat they posed for millions of years was near at hand. They gathered more than 100 hundred Great Passes and the accumulated heritage of the Cave Heavens and Paradises from the past 100,000 years and launched a grand crusade to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

However, outside of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods flanked them from opposite sides, causing the Humans to suffer their first defeat and forcing them to flee back to the No-Return Pass. While retreating, hundreds of thousands sacrificed their lives to protect their companions.

Despite gaining the assistance of the Dragons, Phoenixes, and several other Divine Spirits at the No-Return Pass, the Human Army still lost to the Black Ink Clan. After this second loss, they abandoned the No-Return Pass and retreated to the Barren Territory.

Now, after just 200 years of battle, the Black Ink Clan managed to break through the boundary wall and completely connected the Barren Territory with Wind Mist Territory.

At this moment, the Humans had been completely defeated, unable to recover from the invasion of the Black Ink Clan.

How did things end up like this?

No one could figure out the reason. The Human Race was not weak, and they had never underestimated the Black Ink Clan; but today, the Black Ink Clan had beaten them. Though the Human Army remained mighty, right now, they could do nothing but watch.

Disheartened, all the soldiers of the Human Race Army secretly wept.

At this moment, the Barren Territory battlefield that was once filled with chaos and death became utterly silent.

The only fight that continued was the one between Ah Er and his opponent. Their battle seemed like it would last until the Universe itself shattered and died. These two Giant Spirit Gods had not stopped ever since they first met. Even though it had already been 200 years, neither side seemed to have gained any kind of advantage.

Suddenly, someone pointed at the gap in the boundary wall and shouted, “Someone is blocking the Black Ink Clan Army!”

The Territory Gate had been substantially widened now, and the two Great Territories were entirely connected due to the arm of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God that stretched across the passageway, allowing the Humans in the Barren Territory to see the view on the opposite side, though the image was blurry thanks to the distortions of the Void.

Just as all of the soldiers on the Barren Territory battlefield were losing the will to fight, they realised there was still someone attempting to stop the Black Ink Clan Army on the opposite side of Wind Mist Territory.

And it was just one person!

This one unknown person had killed millions, causing blood to flow like rivers.

Across the passage, black blood and Black Ink Strength almost flood the entire void.

This discovery soon spread as more and more soldiers looked up to see the scenario in Wind Mist Territory.

They didn’t know who this person was, but they certainly knew that they were fighting alone, with no signs of backing down or becoming discouraged.

Seeing this, all of them couldn’t help but feel ashamed.

That one individual was still fighting on while they, the grandest Army the Human Race had ever assembled, had already given up.

It was as if a spark had been lit and was now setting their hearts aflame with the burning desire for victory. The courage and Will to resist that had almost died moments ago was stimulated once more and the need to take action spurred all of them on.

They were the guardians of the 3,000 Worlds and the Human Race, fighting against the Black Ink Clan on the Black Ink Battlefield and fending off the invasion of the Black Ink Clan.

The sky was truly falling, but if they, the tallest and strongest did not rise to hold it up, who would?

The 3,000 Worlds was home to their Master Sects, their families, their descendants, and everyone they knew and loved. In a battlefield unknown to ordinary people, they constructed an impregnable line of defence with their own flesh and bones, sheltering the entire Human race.

If they admitted defeat, it would be the end.

“The Human Race will never surrender!” Suddenly, someone lifted his long sword and yelled furiously; his voice rang out across the void as his World Force.

That shout was followed by another, then another, and another…

“Never surrender!”

The shouts erupted one after the other, forming a torrent that shook the Universe.

The previously dejected ambience now burned anew.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God guarding the passageway was first fascinated by the Human Race Army’s hopelessness and grief, as this was something it had never witnessed before, it was extremely intriguing.

But just as it was preparing to stir up trouble to further suppress the Humans, they suddenly regained their fighting spirit and determination, even pushing it to new heights.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God was taken aback by what it saw and frowned as it gave it some thought before turning to look at the Territory Gate. Using its vision that could penetrate the Void, it saw a lone Human figure fighting against the Territory Lords in Wind Mist Territory.

[The Humans changed so drastically because of him?]

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God was suddenly enraged. If it had known this would happen, it would have gone all out to murder this annoying Human back in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land.

Even if the Human Race did not know who was obstructing the Black Ink Clan in Wind Mist Territory, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God did.

Not only did it know, but the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors all understood who it was on the other side.

The shift in the mentality of the whole Army had also shaken the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors out of their daze. Nobody could have imagined that one person’s effort and persistence would inspire the fighting spirit of the entire Race.

Even they, who had lived for countless years, seemed to have become younger at this moment, with enthusiasm surging in their hearts.

“The young ones are indeed energetic, no?” A Ninth-Order Old Ancestor suddenly said.

“Yes. There is hope for the Human Race with youngsters like these.”

“We were like that once, it’s a shame that the years have dulled me so.”

It was not simply due to their old age, but also the constant weight of their responsibilities. Their existences were burdened by their Sects, their Passes, and their entire Race, disallowing them to be as carefree as they were when they were young.

“Who among you has the courage to be young and passionate with me once again?” With a grin, the oldest and most respected Old Ancestor asked. This Old Ancestor was born in Pure Yang Cave Heaven and had lived the longest among all living Old Ancestors. Before many Ninth-Order Old Ancestors present here were born, he was already a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

In terms of age, he could even be considered an ancestor among all Ninth-Order Old Ancestors.

“It should have been like this a long time ago. Ever since I ascended to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm and started guarding the Black Ink Battlefield, my spirit has grown dull. Every move had to be made with innumerable considerations for all possibilities. When was the last time I simply took action? All I wanted in my life was to be happy and unrestrained.”

“Indeed, indeed.”

“Stop being so long-winded. Those who are truly young act as soon as the words leave their mouths. How can you sentimental old farts be considered young?”