Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5482: Returning to the Chaotic Dead Territory

Gritting his teeth, Yang Kai fled through the void as Space Principles undulated.

Behind him was a Royal Lord who was hot on his heels, attacking Yang Kai with various Secret Techniques, forcing him to dodge from side to side.

Yang Kai was unaware of the state of the battle in the Barren Territory and was also unaware that the last of the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors died with the Royal Lords of the Black Ink Clan to pave the future pathway for the Human Race. The only remaining Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were Wu Qing and Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao.

He didn’t even know that the Human Army had evacuated from the Barren Territory as he was currently running for his life!

Previously, he was single-handedly intercepting and killing the Black Ink Clansmen flooding out from the Barren Territory battlefield into Wind Mist Territory. Under his attacks, Heaven and Earth quivered, and the blood of his enemies flowed and pooled into an ocean.

The Black Ink Clan was naturally enraged by his actions, and immediately, a Royal Lord passed through the passageway and entered Wind Mist Territory.

Yang Kai dared not hesitate once he sensed the Royal Lord’s aura, so without pause, he turned and fled.

Although he had killed the sheep-headed Royal Lord by himself outside the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai knew that was due to the multiple coincidences and accidents that aided him.

Even so, Yang Kai had to use four Soul Rending Thorns in quick succession in that battle, which caused his consciousness to become vague and blurry, so he wasn’t even sure how he killed the sheep-headed Royal Lord. All he knew was that when he regained his senses, he was already holding the head of the sheep-headed Royal Lord.

Although his strength had significantly improved since then, Yang Kai understood that he was still not capable of defeating a Royal Lord in a conventional battle.

When he was young and weak, he had experienced being hunted down by Masters far stronger than him, but what frustrated him so was that even after reaching the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, and becoming extremely powerful, he was still being chased after and hunted by more powerful Masters.

At this point, only Royal Lords and Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were strong enough to defeat Yang Kai, but he had actually experienced such situations twice in just a few hundred years. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

As he was escaping this time, Yang Kai secretly swore that after he ascended to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm, he would hunt down lone Royal Lords and give them a taste of their own medicine!

While he was still a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he could barely escape from the sheep-headed Royal Lord with the aid of Purifying Light, but now that he was in the Eighth-Order, his situation was significantly better, even without the assistance of Purifying Light.

In other words, though he might not be the Royal Lord’s opponent, without the strength or ability to isolate space, it would purely be a dream for such a Master to want to kill Yang Kai.

‘Flee if unable to put up a fight’ was a principle Yang Kai had been living by and implementing throughout his entire life.

However, it was still difficult to shake off a Royal Lord. Without the aid from the Purifying Light, there was no way for Yang Kai to isolate himself from the Royal Lord’s aura with his strength alone.

That was not to say he couldn’t escape, but Yang Kai had some reservations about doing so. The current situation was not only because he was not as strong as the opponent, but also because he had other intentions as well.

What worried Yang Kai was Wind Mist Territory. Although he had previously stopped and slain numerous Black Ink Clansmen, many more managed to escape.

Now that he was gone, the Black Ink Clan Army would undoubtedly charge right in.

He knew that Wind Mist Territory was likely to fall in short order, and the catastrophe would subsequently expand to the nearby Great Territories.

Yang Kai could only hope that the Human Race would be able to react quickly and effectively as he no longer had any control over problems relating to the survival of the entire Race.

In the midst of fleeing and dodging attacks, Yang Kai took a glance back and noticed that this Royal Lord was nearly as strong as the sheep-headed Royal Lord he previously met. Both of them were Innate Royal Lords directly created by Mo, unlike Mo Zhao from Great Evolution Theatre, who cultivated to that realm step by step.

The strength of this sort of Innate Royal Lords was exceedingly strong from the moment they were born, equivalent to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters; however, the one drawback was that their strength was essentially fixed at birth, unable to develop any further.

Both the Innate Royal Lords and Innate Territory Lords were the same.

It could be said that all Innate Territory Lords had no possibility of ascending to become Royal Lords. Although they were born with the combat power on par with the strongest Eighth-Order Human Masters, they did not have the chance to advance further.

One would know that just by observing Territory Lord Che Kong, who was an Innate Territory Lord killed by Yang Kai. Che Kong had been born hundreds of thousands of years ago, yet he remained a Territory Lord.

Everything had its pros and cons. Even an ancient supreme entity like Mo could not resolve such issues.

This Royal Lord was not particularly large, so if it weren’t for the surging of Black Ink Strength from him, he would not appear much different from an ordinary Human.

He attacked Yang Kai the moment he emerged from the Territory Gate on the command of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God. Initially, this Royal Lord thought this would be a simple task, but he never expected that this Eighth-Order Human would be as slippery as an eel, with each of his attempts to capture Yang Kai failing miserably.

The Royal Lord raged after some time of pursuing Yang Kai, vowing in his heart to rip this annoying Human to pieces the moment he caught him.

Yang Kai had no idea how the battle in the Barren Territory was progressing, but neither did the Royal Lord. He had no idea that pursuing Yang Kai actually helped him escape death.

Because it was only moments after he crossed the boundary wall that the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors of the Human Race launched their attack and killed off all other Royal Lords!

Great Territory after Great Territory, he pursued Yang Kai.

The Royal Lord couldn’t help but marvel as he passed through the flourishing Great Territories where he beheld the stunning and picturesque sights.

Since the day he was born, he had lived inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, where there was only endless Black Ink Strength and darkness. Afterwards, despite the Black Ink Clan Army’s entry into the Barren Territory, it was completely empty with not even a dead Universe World to be seen.

He had never witnessed a spectacle as breathtaking as this.

Particularly in those Universe Worlds, where the World Force was exceedingly rich. The World Force in those Universe Worlds was nothing less than the most delectable banquet for a Royal Lord like him. The aroma of it wafted from afar to his olfactory senses, tempting him to rush over to devour it.

But, he suppressed his inner thrills and continued to pursue Yang Kai all while picturing the wonderful scenario in his head of when the Black Ink Clan Army eventually conquered the 3,000 Worlds.

With these many prosperous Great Territories serving as their base, the Black Ink Clan would undoubtedly grow rapidly, and by that time, the whole 3,000 Worlds would transform into a strong source of nourishment for the Black Ink Clan.

After the Humans had been entirely defeated and the number of Royal Lords had reached a certain number, they could return to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to free Mo.

However, finishing the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master under his nose was currently the most urgent issue. The Royal Lord’s icy eyes glared at the fleeing figure in front of him, and his pace increased by another 30% as his Black Ink Strength surged.

Yang Kai seemed to flee like a stray dog being chased, but in reality he could keep pace with the Royal Lord quite easily. Space Principles flared from time to time as he travelled through the Territory Gates and Great Territories one after another while leading the pursuer behind him.

After a year, Yang Kai finally slowed down, much to the joy of the Royal Lord, who had been pursuing him day and night as he assumed that Yang Kai had finally run out of energy.

Over these days of pursuit, the Royal Lord had used up a lot of his energy too, so nothing more need be said about a mere Eighth-Order Human.

In fact, it was astonishing that Yang Kai could persist for so long.

The distance between them continued to narrow before a Territory Gate came into view. The Royal Lord judged from the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master’s direction that he intended to cross this Territory Gate next.

The Royal Lord had had enough of this chase, so he pushed his strength and unleashed a Secret Technique, allowing him to condense a hand from pure Black Ink Strength that reached out to seize Yang Kai from a distance.

Soon after, Yang Kai was tightly gripped in the palm of the powerful hand.

The screams of that Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master were like music to the ears of the Royal Lord, but suddenly, the Human sprang up and broke free from the black gigantic hand as a burst of light blazed. Immediately after, Yang Kai flashed away into the Territory Gate in front of them.

The Royal Lord was furious as his prey managed to escape again, despite having been captured. Unable to tolerate it, he followed Yang Kai and recklessly plunged into the Territory Gate.

The Royal Lord had experienced such situations many times along the way. He was initially extremely cautious since he was afraid that Yang Kai would ambush him on the other side of the Territory Gates, but since that had never happened, he was no longer on alert.

Because there was a significant strength disparity, plotting an ambush was pointless; the only sensible course of action was to flee.

This time, however, after entering the Great Territory on the other side of the Territory Gate, the Royal Lord immediately sensed something strange.

There were extremely violent energy fluctuations clashing with one another here. Two types of energy appeared to have very different Elements. They continually clashed and ground against each other in a seemingly endless struggle.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master that he had been pursuing was nearby too, looking a little stunned.

And Yang Kai was indeed stunned.

The reason he led the Royal Lord who was chasing him all the way here from Wind Mist Territory was not because he was escaping randomly, but rather because there were allies here who could bring down this Royal Lord.

Two of them, in fact!

This was the Chaotic Dead Territory, the home of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer.

Yang Kai originally intended to come to the Chaotic Dead Territory to request Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan to descend the mountain and help save the 3,000 Worlds, but since a Royal Lord had been pursuing him, Yang Kai felt the best place to lead him was here.

However, Yang Kai was shocked by what he discovered when he arrived at the Chaotic Dead Territory.

Two gigantic armies were battling against one another in the endless void, fighting a war that was no less intense than the battle between the Humans and the Black Ink Clan on the Black Ink Battlefield. Each Army here had millions of soldiers and their clash was so intense that space itself shook, seemingly on the verge of breaking apart, leaving behind endless fields of corpses.

The two armies appeared to be stone-like statues rather than living beings of flesh and blood, very different in both size and strength compared to the Small Stone Race Yang Kai was familiar with.

Among them were the top combatants, whose auras were actually on par with Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters! These giant stone figures each had a body no less than 1,000 metres tall, making them exceptionally conspicuous on the battlefield.

Although these two grand armies appeared to be of the same Race and shared a similar appearance, the energy and power they wielded were diametrically opposed.

The power held by one of the grand armies was blazing hot; the moment they lifted their hands, it was like a flaming Sun had risen into the sky, shining with such blazing heat that the void seemed to melt under it. The other army held a power that was icy cold and as they activated their Secret Techniques, a crescent Moon appeared and cast its frigid glow onto the void, acting as the nemesis of that flaming Sun.

Both the blazing Suns and the crescent Moons melted into nothingness one after another, creating an endless cycle that was both shocking and breathtaking.