Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5483: Stroke of Inspiration

The two armies fighting each other were also quite distinct. Each had a different emblem on their chests, one was a Sun and the other a crescent Moon, which perfectly corresponded to their respective strengths.

When Yang Kai entered this place and saw these two strange armies, his mind went completely blank.

[What the Hell are these things? When did the Chaotic Dead Territory come to have these things?]

[Where is Big Brother Huang? Where is Big Sister Lan?]

Upon closer inspection though, Yang Kai could actually find some resemblance between the Small Stone Race and the soldiers of these two armies. But compared to the Small Stone Race he had raised in his Small Universe, the ones in front of him were undoubtedly larger and their strength was also incomparable.

[Could…could they be the Small Stone Race I left behind?]

Yang Kai found it a little hard to believe.

When Yang Kai had visited the Chaotic Dead Territory in the past, he gifted some of the Small Stone Race in his Small Universe to Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan so they could use them to resolve the dispute that had plagued them since the dawn of their existence, who was the Big Brother or Big Sister. Instead of fighting personally, the two supreme existences would raise armies of Small Stone Race and then have them battle it out to determine the winner and loser between them.

Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan found this solution very appealing and over several years, the two had both racked up numerous wins, earning the privilege of being the older sibling until they were defeated.

Yang Kai too had gained quite a lot from this experience. The Yellow and Blue Crystals he had taken to the Black Ink Battlefield had all been obtained from the Chaotic Dead Territory, and over the years, he had used Purifying Light condensed from those crystals to save countless Human soldiers who had been corrupted by Black Ink Strength.

If it weren’t for the fact that he had spent a decade escaping a Royal Lord, and then another 4,000 years in the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon cultivating, the Yellow and Blue Crystals he had would not have been used up so quickly.

To Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan, the battle between millions of the Small Stone Race was nothing more than a simple game, a way to more peacefully and conclusively settle their issues.

But now, after 1,000 years, these Small Stone Race members seemed to have undergone some kind of inexplicable change.

Looking at the Small Stone Race members raised in his Small Universe, and then at the two armies of Small Stone Race members currently engaged in an epic war that spanned as far as they could see, Yang Kai really wanted to ask those two how they raised them.

Among the Small Stone Race in Yang Kai’s Small Universe, the strongest ones were only about the height of an ordinary Human and had the strength of an Initial Element or Qi Transformation Realm cultivator, certainly more powerful than a mere mortal, but still an ant compared to true Masters. On the other hand, the most powerful beings here were more than 1,000 metres tall and every part of their body was emanating a fierce and majestic might that was in no way inferior to an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

If these two armies were to leave this place on a mission of conquest, no single Sect in the 3,000 Worlds would be able to stop them, not even the Cave Heavens or Paradises. In fact, these armies would even be able to put up a fight against a Black Ink Clan Army of similar size.

But after recalling how the true source of the Yellow and Blue Crystals, Yang Kai no longer found it strange for the Small Stone Race under the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer to undergo such a transformation.

Yang Kai first discovered the Small Stone Race in a New Great Territory connected to the Star Boundary. It was a Race that no one had ever seen before.

The Small Stone Race were very similar to ants in that they had a strict and clear hierarchy. As long as there was an existence similar to an ant queen and ample resources, this Race could rapidly multiply and flourish.

Their demand for resources was extremely low as well as anything with energy could become food for them.

The reason why Yang Kai had raised many Small Stone Race members in his Small Universe was because the benefits each individual of this Race provided in terms of generating World Force were about 10 times the benefits of an ordinary Human.

The time flow of his Small Universe was much faster than the outside world. In other words, if he raised many Small Stone Race, it would save him a lot of time in cultivation and allow his strength to rapidly increase.

After ascending to the Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm, Yang Kai broke through to the Seventh-Order in only about 300 years, with a lot of credit being due to the Small Stone Race.

In fact, his breakthrough to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm was not only because of the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon but also because of the proliferation of the Small Stone Race.

Be that as it may, Yang Kai didn’t dare to allow the Small Stone Race to develop too much. The Small Stone Race in his Small Universe had always been maintained in a stable range, because once their numbers reached a certain limit, the demand for resources would become too much to bear and some thinning would be required.

Such a problem was obviously non-existent for Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan.

In terms of resources, the Chaotic Dead Territory was the most abundant place in the 3,000 worlds, with Yellow and Blue Crystals literally floating around the void as they were simply the remnants formed from the clash between the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer’s energy.

In other words, if these two were willing, they could allow the Small Stone Race to expand almost without end. Clearly, after 1,000 years of such rapid evolution, the Small Stone Race in the Chaotic Dead Territory had developed to the point where elites comparable to Eighth-Order Masters had emerged from their ranks.

Yang Kai had come to the Chaotic Dead Territory for two reasons. Firstly, to ask Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan to leave the Chaotic Dead Territory, and secondly, to deal with the tail chasing him.

But as soon as he entered this place, the sight of two Small Stone Race armies fighting with each other really caught Yang Kai by surprise.

[By the looks of it, Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s game is still ongoing, and it has already developed to such a ridiculous state.]

By the time he figured out the reason behind these changes, the Royal Lord had caught up to him.

Just as Yang Kai was about to continue fleeing though, a sudden and unexpected change occurred.

The two Small Stone Race armies that were engaged in a fierce battle suddenly all stopped fighting the moment the Royal Lord appeared. All of the Small Stone Race members, regardless of their height or strength, turned their eyes towards the Royal Lord, as if they were drawn in by some kind of irresistible force.

The next instant, the 1,000-metre tall Small Stone Race members roared angrily towards the sky and beat their chest with both hands, sending pieces of rocks flying off everywhere, before charging straight towards the Royal Lord.

Yang Kai could clearly see unbridled hatred burning in the Small Stone Race’s eyes.

The two armies instantly converged into two torrents of Yin and Yang that crashed into the Royal Lord.

The Royal Lord was enraged.

He was already in a foul mood after having failed to catch Yang Kai time and time again for over a year, so when the two Small Stone Race armies started pestering him for no reason, how could he tolerate it?

A thick wave of Black Ink Strength surged from him, transforming into a vast Black Ink Cloud that covered a massive stretch of the void. The wave of Black Ink Strength ripped the Small Stone Race members to pieces. Even the Small Stone Race members that were 1,000 metres tall couldn’t withstand this kind of force for more than a few breaths before they were broken apart.

Nonetheless, the two armies courageously pressed forward like moths to a flame, soon surrounding the Black Ink Ocean in multiple layers, as if they were not afraid of death.

From the start, the Small Stone Race didn’t fear death. Firstly, they didn’t have the cognizance to do so as their intelligence was too low for that and this trait seemed to have remained unchanged, even if the strength of the Small Stone Race in the Chaotic Dead Territory far exceeded that of their ordinary clansmen. Secondly, this kind of slaughter was just a day-to-day occurrence to them.

Normally, the Small Stone Race armies would keep fighting and never retreat a single step unless Big Brother Huang or Big Sister Lan gave the order to withdraw.

Even when they were facing the Royal Lord right now, the thought of backing down never crossed their minds.

More and more Small Stone Race members were sent flying as bits and pieces of rock almost filled the entire void.

The fearless charge of the Small Stone Race members sent the Black Ink Clan Royal Lord into a fury and he kept attacking them without mercy. Amid this fierce battle, he tried using his Black Ink Strength to corrupt these strange creatures and turn them into his slaves, but after a few attempts, he was shocked to discover that Black Ink Strength, which had terrorized the Human Race for millions of years, was completely ineffective against these ignorant creatures.

This left the Royal Lord perplexed, wondering what the Hell these things were.

Much to his shock and dismay, there were living beings in this world who could completely ignore Black Ink Strength! Even Divine Spirits like the Dragons and Phoenixes only showed a strong resistance against Black Ink Strength, but could not totally disregard it.

These creatures had wildly varying strength, and they looked as if they were made from stone and had no flesh or blood.

The Royal Lord even saw many Small Stone Race members cannibalizing the corpses of their fallen comrades, grabbing bits and pieces of rocks and tossing them into their mouths before chewing and swallowing. Soon after, the aura of those particular Small Stone Race members grew stronger…

Yang Kai was somewhat surprised by the actions of the two Small Stone Race armies until suddenly, he recalled his second visit to the Chaotic Dead Territory. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

At that time, he had come here in hopes of finding a solution to the corruption of Human cultivators by Black Ink Strength. It was then that he had obtained the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks. Using these two marks on the backs of his hands, Yang Kai could extract the power of the Yellow and Blue Crystals to create Purifying Light.

Back then, Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan showed obvious looks of disgust when they sensed Black Ink Strength.

Back then, Yang Kai had not come into contact with many ancient secrets as his strength was low. He did not have a clear idea of the situation back then, but now he had some idea.

If the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer really were related to the Primordial Light, it was only natural for them to hate and reject Black Ink Strength, as Black Ink Strength was the Primordial Darkness opposite the Primordial Light. Basically, Black Ink Strength and Purifying Light, which was based on Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s power, opposed and countered each other.

This was probably the reason why Purifying Light could dispel Black Ink Strength.

The Small Stone Race, which had inherited these two strengths, naturally had an instinctive hostility towards Black Ink Strength. That was why, the moment the Royal Lord appeared in the Chaotic Dead Territory, the two Small Stone Race armies, who were locked in a fierce battle against each other, stopped fighting and attacked the Royal Lord, driven by their instincts.

After sacrificing many of their companions, the two armies split up and surrounded the Royal Lord.

Furthermore, as these two armies had inherited the power of Burning Light and Serene Glimmer, from a distance, it looked as if they had transformed into a giant Yin-Yang symbol that enveloped the massive Black Ink Cloud.

Be that as it may, these two armies couldn’t stop this Royal Lord, and if given enough time, the latter would surely be able to wipe these Small Stone Race members eventually.

At this moment, Yang Kai suddenly felt the back of his hands become hot. When he looked down, he saw that the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks that generally remained hidden had appeared on their own.

At this moment, Yang Kai had a stroke of inspiration.

The next instant, he fiercely stretched his hands out. A wave of World Force fluctuations spread out from him as two enormous illusory palms emerged from his hands. As he curled his fingers and pulled his hands closer, causing the two enormous palms to mimic his actions, enclosing the battlefield in the centre.

Great Sun and Great Moon Marks had also appeared on the back of the giant palms, and each mark was equally massive.

The Yin-Yang fish that had enclosed that enormous Black Ink Cloud also changed at this moment. Under the guidance of the two marks, streams of energy emerged from the Small Stone Race members before fusing together.

The next moment, an extremely pure white light began to bloom within the darkness. In an instant, the white light lit up the entire void like it was high noon.

Purifying Light!

Usually, Yang Kai displayed Purifying Light that could disperse Black Ink Strength by drawing on Yellow and Blue Crystals with the help of the two great marks.

Although he didn’t have any Yellow or Blue Crystals with him now, the Small Stone Race members on the battlefield were equivalent to pieces of the Yellow and Blue Crystals.