Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5487: Gathering the Small Stone Race

“Forget it,” Big Brother Huang snapped, he could see through Yang Kai miles away, “The Small Stone Race multiplied rapidly. As long as there are Stone Kings, they won’t be exterminated, so there’s no need for you to exchange them for yours.”

He might have seemed reluctant, but Big Brother Huang still gave him permission, “Go collect them yourself.”

Yang Kai was moved to tears, “Many thanks!”

A moment later, Yang Kai came back flying in helter-skelter. There was a massive Small Stone Race Army chasing behind him as blazing Suns and crescent Moons kept flying at him one after another, pushing him into a corner.

The Small Stone Race lacked intelligence, only knowing how to act according to their instincts. Normally, they would fight each other because of their different natures, but when Yang Kai tried to collect them, he broke this balance, inviting their wrath.

Worse, Yang Kai couldn’t fight back; after all, they were going to be his allies in the fight against the Black Ink Clan. He wanted to collect them, not kill them.

As such, it didn’t take long for him to be pushed into dire straits.

“Big Brother, Big Sister, do you two have any good ideas?” Yang Kai hurriedly asked. It was quite interesting that though, as he flew over to Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s side, the pursuing army behind him stopped in their tracks. Obviously, they had sensed Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s auras.

As far as the Small Stone Race was concerned, the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer were the source of their creation and strength, so naturally, they couldn’t act presumptuously before these two.

Big Brother Huang snapped, “Are you stupid? Don’t you know how to use the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks?”

Yang Kai came to a sudden realization. The Great Sun and Great Moon Marks were created from the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer’s Source Strength; so, if he wanted the Small Stone Race to obey him, using these two marks was naturally the best option.

Previously, Yang Kai had used these two marks to draw energy from the two Small Stone Race armies and fuse them into a Purifying Light to deal with the Royal Lord, which was a similar kind of act.

Having obtained the answer, Yang Kai turned around and rushed towards the two Small Stone Race armies. He activated the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks before even reaching them and, as expected, the armies did not attack him and he was able to smoothly pull them into his Small Universe.

To prevent them from causing trouble in his Small Universe, Yang Kai had deliberately set up two regions and sealed the Small Stone Race with his World Force. One region was used to house Big Brother Huang’s Great Sun Small Stone Race, while the other was used for Big Sister Lan’s Great Moon Small Stone Race.

After several months of hard work, one Small Stone Race army after another was taken in by Yang Kai, their total number crossing into the millions.

Among them, there were 100 or so 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race Masters that were comparable to Eighth-Order Humans.

There weren’t many of such Small Stone Race members as only an army of a million Small Stone Race would have one or two.

At first, Yang Kai was a bit worried that his Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Small Universe wouldn’t be able to accommodate these Small Stone Race members; after all, if they were true Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, he wouldn’t be able to put them into his Small Universe at all.

Everyone’s Small Universe had a limit, and higher Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could only take in lower Order Open Heaven Realm Masters. If they tried taking in someone of the same Order, they would be helpless.

But after giving it a try, Yang Kai found that it was not a problem to take in the 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race members.

Giving it another thought, he realized that these 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race members were not true Open Heaven Realm Masters. They might be as strong as Eighth-Order Masters, but that was just raw strength. They could not be lumped together with true Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters who had vast Small Universes.

By the time Yang Kai was done, he had collected almost all of the Small Stone Race forces in the Chaotic Dead Territory.

A few months later, when Yang Kai came to bid farewell to the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer, Big Brother Huang shooed him away before Yang Kai could say anything, “Get out of here.” Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Yang Kai’s first two visits could be considered acceptable, even mutually beneficial, but this time, he had basically emptied the entire Chaotic Dead Territory. Even Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan felt their hearts bleed witnessing such wanton plundering.

Putting everything else aside, it took them over 1,000 years to raise their current Small Stone Race Armies, so it would naturally take them just as long to nurture another such army.

Yang Kai also knew that he had gone too far this time, yet he had no choice but to be this shameless for the sake of the Human Race. After a moment of silence, he stated, “I’ll come visit you when I have the time.”

Big Brother Huang rolled his eyes, “I’d rather you not.”

An embarrassed but polite smile appeared on Yang Kai’s face, but just as he was about to leave, he suddenly asked, “By the way, do you know how to find the Giant Spirit Gods?”

There were two Giant Spirit Gods he knew of, one was Ah Da who had appeared outside the Star Boundary all those years ago, and the other was Ah Er who had led him into the Chaotic Dead Territory.

Ah Er was previously seen in the Barren Territory, battling with the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, but there was no news of Ah Da.

The Black Ink Clan had two Giant Spirit Gods, and as Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan couldn’t descend the mountain, Yang Kai felt that it would be best if he could find Ah Da so that the Humans could make up for the lack of top Masters among their ranks.

Hearing this, Big Brother Huang, and Big Sister Lan both shook their heads.

But Big Sister Lan added, “If it’s the Giant Spirit Gods, you don’t need to look for them. If the Black Ink Clan is as you say, then no matter where the Giant Spirit Gods are hiding, they will be provoked by the Black Ink Clan sooner or later.”

Yang Kai pondered for a moment before realizing that this was indeed the case. He cupped his fist and bade his farewells, “Little Brother understands. Big Brother, Big Sister, please take care, this Little Brother will take his leave now!”

Turning around, he transformed into a streak of light as he flew straight towards the Territory Gate.

A few days later, Yang Kai finally exited the Chaotic Dead Territory. He then immediately took out his Universe Chart, and after confirming his route, he made straight for the next Territory Gate.

Although he didn’t know the current situation on the Barren Territory battlefield, he knew it was now connected to Wind Mist Territory thanks to the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

The appearance of this gap in the boundary walls meant that the Human Race had suffered a strategic defeat on the Barren Territory battlefield!

Regardless of what advantages the Humans might be able to gain on the main battlefield, the fact that they were unable to stop the Black Ink Clan from invading the 3,000 Worlds could only be considered a complete failure.

The main forces of the Human Race were all gathered in the Barren Territory, while the Black Ink Clan had invaded Wind Mist Territory through the newly opened Territory Gate. In other words, the Human Race could no longer contain them.

It had been roughly a year and a half since the Black Ink Clan Army broke out of the Barren Territory, so it was hard to say what the current situation of the 3,000 Worlds was.

Yang Kai was not worried about the Star Boundary, as with the World Tree Clone present there, the Star Boundary would be the foundation of the Human Race’s future. If he was right, the Cave Heavens and Paradises would protect the Star Boundary at any cost, because only by protecting the Star Boundary would there be hope for the Human Race.

If Yang Kai was one of the Old Ancestors of the Cave Heavens and Paradises, he would definitely have the remnants of the Human Race retreat to the Star Boundary and use High Heaven Territory as the final pure land to resist the Black Ink Clan, defending it at all costs while they waited for the younger generations to grow!

There was no need to worry about Void Land either as, before all this, he had warned Bi Xi. With a Mature Divine Spirit like Bi Xi around, it should not be too dangerous for Void Land if they wanted to evacuate.

As both the Star Boundary and Void Land were safe and sound, the most pressing issue right now was to assess the current situation of the 3,000 Worlds!

Yang Kai quickly found his bearings and flew in a certain direction. In less than a day, a beautiful Universe World appeared in his sight. From afar, this Universe World looked like a sapphire gem floating in the void, radiating a mesmerizing lustre.

But quickly, Yang Kai noticed that something was amiss. He could feel the fluctuations of someone fighting coming from the periphery of this Universe World.

A furrow appeared on his brow as he sped up. Soon, he arrived at that side of the Universe World and, as he had expected, he found a battle taking place.

On one side were obviously cultivators of some Sect in this Universe World. Their cultivations were quite varied, and many were even First and Second-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, but their opponents were actually the Black Ink Clansmen.

Having said that, the Black Ink Clansmen here were not strong either, probably just a detached squad from the main Black Ink Clan Army. The Black Ink Clansman leading this squad was only a High-Rank Clansmen, equivalent to a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Obviously, the Human side held the advantage in numbers, but the situation was extremely dire for them.

Nothing was surprising about this as the peculiarities of Black Ink Strength forced Human cultivators into a difficult position. These cultivators had clearly never come into contact with the Black Ink Clan before and didn’t know how difficult it was to deal with them, so by now, many of their weaker disciples had already been turned into Black Ink Disciples.

How could the other cultivators, who had never heard of Black Ink Strength, bear to kill their fellow disciples, who were fighting alongside them just moments ago? On the other hand, Black Ink Disciples had no scruples about slaughtering their former Brothers and Sisters and even focused their attacks on their vitals, pushing them into dire straits.

Many had lost their lives, and the survivors were completely dispirited; mourning cries could be heard everywhere.

Yang Kai’s heart sank at the sight of this.

This was a Great Territory adjacent to the Chaotic Dead Territory, far, far away from Wind Mist Territory, yet the Black Ink Clan had already reached this far?

Clearly, the Black Ink Clan could no longer be contained.

Probably, Black Ink Clansmen or Black Ink Disciples could be found in almost every Great Territory of the 3,000 Worlds by now. Suddenly, Yang Kai felt his chest tighten up as an uncomfortable feeling surged in his heart.

The Cave Heavens and Paradises had been doing everything they could to stop the invasion of the Black Ink Clan on the Black Ink Battlefield for countless millennia. Countless heroes had laid down their lives, their corpses piled up into countless mountains, yet all their efforts had now proven futile.

A single misstep had led to their defeat. The Black Ink Clan Army had invaded every Great Territory, and many Universe Worlds had been reduced to barren wastelands, while countless people must have lost their wives, their sons and daughters, their entire family!

Was the crusade a mistake?

No!

Every generation had taken the complete eradication of the Black Ink Clan as their goal, so the crusade was a must. Even if no crusade was carried out in this generation, one would have been launched by the next. It would have happened no matter what. This generation was the closest to success, but also the one who had sacrificed the most.

The only mistake was that the Human Race’s understanding of Mo was simply too low. No one had expected Mo to be so powerful, or that the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were actually Soul Clones created by Mo. Even the Black Ink Giant Spirit God killed countless eons ago by the Divine Spirits of the Ancestral Land and the one on the Late Ancient Era Battlefield had been awakened by Mo.

Only after uncovering this information did the Humans finally have some understanding of the Ancient Supreme Being that was Mo.

However, despite things not currently looking bright for them, the Humans would definitely be able to completely annihilate the Black Ink Clan and drive them out of the 3,000 Worlds one day.

Yang Kai firmly believed this.

The Old Ancestors who had fought to the death in the Barren Territory firmly believed this as well, which was why they had gone forth without hesitation.

Everyone’s efforts and sacrifices would not be wasted, they would only serve as the foundation for the future victory!

The day the Black Ink Clan was destroyed, the 3,000 worlds would finally regain its peace and prosperity!