Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5488: Profound Abundant Sect

The Profound Abundant World was nothing when compared to the entire Swallowing Seas Territory.

For instance, there were quite a number of Universe Worlds like Profound Abundant World in this Great Territory. The development of these Universe Worlds’ Martial Dao differed, with some being strong and some being weak. The stronger Universe Worlds had given birth to some Open Heaven Realm Masters, while the weaker Universe Worlds were like the Star Boundary in the past, where cultivators couldn’t even escape from the World’s shackles.

The Profound Abundant World could be considered average and was the homeworld of Profound Abundant Sect. According to the classification of various Sects in the 3,000 Worlds, Profound Abundant Sect could barely be considered a Second Class Great Force with three Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters assuming command.

Such a force could be found anywhere in the 3,000 Worlds. They were neither at the top of the ladder nor were they at the bottom, most of the time having to rely on the stronger Second Class Great Forces to survive.

The most powerful force in the entire Swallowing Seas Territory was undoubtedly the Swallowing Seas Sect, hence the name for this Great Territory.

Nearly a month ago, Swallowing Seas Sect announced that the Black Ink Clan had invaded the 3,000 Worlds on a massive scale. As the hegemon of Swallowing Seas Territory, the Swallowing Seas Sect ordered all the great forces, whether they were big or small, to immediately make preparations to evacuate.

When the news came out, everyone in the Profound Abundant Sect was completely dumbfounded.

Naturally, they were confused as to what the Black Ink Clan was. They had never even heard of this Clan before, and now they were invading?

After asking around a bit, Profound Abundant Sect eventually came to learn that the Human Race had an ancient enemy, the Black Ink Clan. The Masters of the Cave Heavens and Paradises had been trying to stop the invasion of the Black Ink Clan in a place known as the Black Ink Battlefield for countless millennia; but unfortunately, the Human Race had suffered a great defeat a few years ago and their defensive lines were broken one after another, giving the Black Ink Clan the chance to invade.

As for the conscription order issued by the Cave Heavens and Paradises a few hundred years ago, that was to summon every Open Heaven Realm Master available to the battlefield to provide reinforcements.

During that conscription period, two of the three Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters of Profound Abundant Sect had been taken away, leaving only Zhu Ge Xing Wei, the Vice Sect Master, to oversee the Sect.

Zhu Ge Xing Wei found himself under a lot of pressure, finding it extremely hard to handle everything all on his own.

When the Swallowing Seas Sect sent word about the Black Ink Clan, Zhu Ge Xing Wei gathered all the Open Heaven Realm Masters in the Sect in the conference hall to discuss the matter. Profound Abundant Sect was a little lost as to what to do when they received the order to evacuate and relocate.

This was no simple task. Open Heaven Realm Masters could cross the void and escape from Swallowing Seas Territory, but what about Profound Abundant Sect’s disciples who had yet to reach the Open Heaven Realm?

What about all the living beings in the Profound Abundant World?

This was the place where almost all of them had been born and raised. It was always difficult to leave one’s homeland, and no one wanted to abandon their foundation and family. Who would be so cruel-hearted to do so without even trying to resist?

What’s more, if they left, who would protect the Profound Abundant World?

Furthermore, these Open Heaven Realm Masters here did not have high cultivations, with the strongest of them being in the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm, not having the ability to take away all the mortals from Profound Abundant World. With the Black Ink Clan about to arrive, anyone left behind would undoubtedly die.

The Open Heaven Realm Masters of the Sect were quickly divided into two camps. One side prioritized their own safety, with the opinion that only by surviving could one still have hope. They believed that since a powerful enemy like the Black Ink Clan was upon them, they should quickly follow Swallowing Seas Sect’s orders.

The other side felt that they should defend Profound Abundant World to the death and resist the Black Ink Clan to the end.

The Open Heaven Realm Masters of both sides kept endlessly arguing, with neither of them able to convince the other. Watching this, Zhu Ge Xing Wei had a huge headache. He was only a Vice Sect Master. Generally, it was the Sect Master who made decisions of this gravity, but now that the Sect Master and the other Vice Sect Master had been sent to the frontlines, it was a little difficult for him to bear the weight of Profound Abundant Sect alone.

As such, he remained silent, not giving his opinion.

Before Profound Abundant Sect could come to a decision though, a disciple suddenly rushed in, reporting that the enemy was already here. Shocked, Zhu Ge Xing Wei led the other Elders of the Sect to investigate, encountering a squad of Black Ink Clansmen just outside Profound Abundant World and immediately getting into a fight with them.

Human Squads were basically composed of 10 to 15 soldiers, but the Black Ink Clan’s squads were different, numbering anywhere from several dozen to over 1,000 members. Compared to the Human Race, the Black ink Clan always had dominance in number.

This time, not many Black Ink Clansmen had come to Profound Abundant World, only numbering about 70.

Although Profound Abundant Sect wasn’t big, they still had some 200 Open Heaven Realm Masters, but most of their Orders were quite low with few real Masters among them.

200 Open Heaven Realm Masters versus 70 or so Black Ink Clansmen. At first, Profound Abundant Sect did not feel any kind of pressure, but after noticing the peculiarity of the Black Ink Strength, everyone began to panic, especially the disciples who were now being attacked by their fellow disciples who had been corrupted. They found this whole scenario hard to come to terms with.

When the High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen leader in the rear revealed his powerful aura, Profound Abundant Sect finally realized how dangerous the enemy they were facing was.

The Black Ink Clan squad leader was comparable to a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

In the entire history of Profound Abundant Sect, there had never been a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!

Fortunately, this Black Ink Clansman didn’t seem to have any intention of personally participating in the battle. Rather, he seemed intent on remaining on the sidelines and simply observing the situation, as if he was afraid that something unforeseen could happen, allowing Profound Abundant Sect disciples to hold on until now; otherwise, they would have already lost.

Zhu Ge Xing Wei was filled with sadness. [Sect Master entrusted Profound Abundant Sect to me before he left. Will the Sect fall today?]

[How can I face the ancestors of Profound Abundant Sect?]

He even tried to sneak attack that High-Rank Black Ink Clansman, but though he managed to close in on him, he had been sent flying by that Black Ink Clan Master with a single slap. Not only had he failed, but he was even contaminated by some of the Black Ink Strength.

At this time, nearly 30% of the many Open Heaven Realm Masters in Profound Abundant Sect had been turned into Black Ink Disciples, 20% had died, and another 30% or so had been contaminated by Black Ink Strength. From the looks of it, they wouldn’t be able to last much longer.

Everyone was filled with despair. At this point, even if they tried to escape, they would not be able to. The only thing waiting for them was either being turned into Black Ink Disciples or being killed on the battlefield, there was no third option.

At that moment, a streak of light flew over from afar, drawing the disciples’ eyes as someone shouted, “Elder Pang has returned!”

The original low morale was suddenly uplifted.

Elder Pang’s cultivation wasn’t high, just Fourth-Order Open Heaven Realm, but he had been sent by Zhu Ge Xing Wei to seek help from the Swallowing Seas Sect.

When Zhu Ge Xing Wei noticed that things were not looking good, he sent Elder Pang straight to the Swallowing Seas Sect, which had Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters assuming command. Zhu Ge Xing hoped that with the help of a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, the tide could be turned.

Hearing this, Zhu Ge Xing Wei, who was in the midst of a fierce battle, turned his head in the direction of Swallowing Seas Sect and saw Elder Pang’s approaching figure.

Despite that, Zhu Ge Xing Wei didn’t show any signs of relief, because Elder Pang had returned alone, without any reinforcements!

Elder Pang was a courageous and stalwart man. Although he had cultivated for many years, he had not lost his drive to improve. At this moment, he charged straight at the High-Rank Black Ink Clansman.

Be that as it may, a Fourth-Order cultivation was too weak. The moment Elder Pang arrived in front of the High-Rank Black Ink Clansman, he was lifted high up by the neck by the Black Ink Clansman.

“Elder Pang!” A disciple called out.

Elder Pang’s face turned red as the rich Black Ink Strength began corroding his Small Universe, only able to roar, “Run! Swallowing Seas Sect is besieged by the Black Ink Clan Army, they can’t even defend themselves, let alone send help here!”

The reason he had risked his life to rush back here was to convey this message to his Sect so that they wouldn’t wait for anything.

His words sent chills down every Profound Abundant Sect disciple’s spine.

Originally, they had hoped that Swallowing Seas Sect would be able to come to their aid and save them from this crisis, but with the Black Ink Clan Army attacking them too, how could they possibly send support?

In fact, Elder Pang wasn’t the only one who had gone to ask for help. Another Elder had gone to another Sect that was on good terms with Profound Abundant Sect. That Sect was very close to the Profound Abundant Sect, so logically speaking, they should have arrived to help long ago.

After hearing Elder Pang’s words, how could Zhu Ge Xing Wei not know that the situation of that Sect was likely the same as theirs? Even the Elder who had gone to seek help had most likely died. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Profound Abundant Sect was really going to be exterminated today, and Profound Abundant World… would also be destroyed!

In fact, the entire Swallowing Seas Territory was about to be conquered by the Black Ink Clan!

In such a desperate situation, Zhu Ge Xing Wei suddenly didn’t feel anxious anymore, as if he had just thrown away some kind of burden. The long sword in his hand shook as he prepared to charge the leading High-Rank Black Ink Clansman.

Even if they were to die here today, they could not allow the Black Ink Clan to look down on Profound Abundant Sect!

But, before he could do anything, he suddenly felt that something was amiss. The next moment, the surrounding space started to distort as Void Cracks began to emerge like the cracks on a mirror.

The next moment, the Black Ink Clan squad that made the entire Profound Abundant Sect helpless was sliced into pieces by the innumerable cracks.

Zhu Ge Xing Wei clearly saw a crack appear on the neck of the High-Rank Black Ink Clansman, cutting right through it.

The enemy leader’s face was filled with shock. Obviously, he still could not understand what just happened. Immediately after, a fountain of Black Ink blood spurted from his neck as his head separated from his body.

Elder Pang, whose neck had been squeezed to the point where he could barely breathe, finally managed to extricate himself. He instantly shot a palm at the High-Rank Black Ink Clansman’s corpse, blowing it to pieces, while he became completely drenched in Black Ink Blood.

This sudden change shocked everyone.

In the blink of an eye, all of the Void Cracks disappeared and space returned to normal, leaving behind bits and pieces of Black Ink Clansmen floating in front of everyone. All the Black Ink Clansmen had been killed on the spot, leaving only the Black Ink Disciples behind. Be that as it may, this shocking turn of events left everyone perplexed, unable to understand what just happened.

Zhu Ge Xing Wei, on the other hand, seemed to have noticed something. He suddenly turned his head, and saw a young man slowly approaching. His aura wasn’t obvious, so Zhu Ge Xing Wei couldn’t determine his cultivation either, but the only thing this Vice Sect Master of Profound Abundant Sect was certain of was that the one who had saved them and killed the Black Ink Clansmen was this young man!

[He should be at least a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!]

Zhu Ge Xing Wei was overjoyed. As far as he was concerned, a Cave Heaven or Paradise Master had appeared.

The next moment, he saw the opposite party bring his hands together before a pure and gentle white light enveloped the entire battlefield. The pure white light rapidly dispelled the Black Ink Strength wherever it passed. Even the Black Ink Disciples who had been corrupted by Black Ink Strength let out miserable screams as black wisps of energy emerged from their bodies and rapidly vanished into nothingness.

When he was on the Black Ink Battlefield, Yang Kai was quite conservative and restrained when using Purifying Light; after all, he didn’t know how long he would be on the Black Ink Battlefield and the Yellow and Blue Crystals could only be produced in the Chaotic Dead Territory. If all of them were used up, he would be unable to replenish them.

But Yang Kai had just cleaned out the entire Chaotic Dead Territory now, nearly emptying out all of Big Brother Huang’s and Big Sister Lan’s possessions, leaving him with dozens of mountains worth of Yellow and Blue Crystals in his Small Universe. His current stock of resources was so rich that he no longer needed to mind this kind of extravagant expenditure.