Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5490: Squad Leader Wang’s Might is Unparalleled

Swallowing Seas Sect was located on a Spirit Province, which was the foundation of their Sect. As the hegemon of Swallowing Seas Territory, the Swallowing Seas Sect was not like Profound Abundant Sect which was situated on a Universe World with many mortals.

Swallowing Seas Sect was similar to Void Land in this respect.

Void Land was also located on a Spirit Province, though that Spirit Province was actually formed atop Bi Xi’s shell.

At this moment, the 3,000 disciples were gathered in one spot within Swallowing Seas Sect, ready to leave at a moment’s notice. Many of the young and tender faces were filled with restlessness and nervousness while many of the women were softly sobbing, helpless and panic-stricken.

Just now, the Sect’s higher-ups had ordered the entire Sect to prepare to evacuate.

Be that as it may, how could it be that easy to evacuate when the Black Ink Clan Army still surrounded Swallowing Seas Sect? These disciples might not have gone through the fires of war before, but that did not mean they were fools. They knew that few, if any of them would survive this evacuation.

But if they didn’t try, only death awaited them.

Meanwhile, every remaining Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the Sect, along with Yang Qing, looked up. The other disciples could not clearly see what was happening outside due the Sect Defending Array around them, but Yang Qing and the others could.

Under everyone’s attentive gaze, Wang Xuan Yi’s Squad bravely charged the Black Ink Clan Army in their half-destroyed Warship. One after another, Secret Techniques and artifacts lit up the void, killing and injuring the Black Ink Clansmen in their path. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

This was a veteran Squad that had gone through countless fights, with every member having fought at least 100 battles against the Black Ink Clan. How to draw out the most strength to cause the most damage in this dire situation was something their Squad knew better than anyone.

They also understood that this would be their final battle!

As such, they unleashed their strongest attacks without holding anything back, determined to go out in a blaze of glory, taking as many enemies with them as possible!

The brazen attacks of the Human Squad quickly drew the ire of the Feudal Lords, and it was not long before 10 Feudal Lords surrounded them from all sides.

These Feudal Lords also knew that this Squad was the only real combat force the Humans had here. As long as they had eliminated this Squad, the rest would be nothing more than fish on the chopping block, completely at their mercy!

Therefore, the Feudal Lords reached a consensus to concentrate all their power to kill this Squad as quickly as possible.

The Feudal Lords immediately launched a joint attack, their powerful energy fluctuations clearly felt by everyone back in the Swallowing Seas Sect.

Yang Qing and the others couldn’t help but become nervous, their eyes cracked wide open as they stared fixedly without even daring to blink.

The Warship, which was already not that far from being sunk, exploded under the bombardment and several Squad members were heavily injured.

Even Wang Xuan Yi and his Vice Squad Leader were thrown out by this powerful wave of attacks, their responses becoming more and more sluggish.

Furthermore, the Feudal Lords launched another salvo of attacks before they could recover.

Wang Xuan Yi’s expression became grim as he shouted, “Formation!”

In the blink of an eye, the 13 members of the Squad moved closer, standing in a criss-cross manner as their auras linked with one another. In the blink of an eye, the 13 soldiers formed a rudimentary Battle Formation with the two Seventh-Order Masters acting as the Core.

As everyone simultaneously circulated their World Force, a dazzling flash of light blinded everyone outside. The next moment, the thirteen figures were nowhere to be found, in place of them was a monstrous sword!

The might of this enormous sword was simply otherworldly, and its Sword Intent rippled across the open sky. Nonetheless, when the attacks of the Feudal Lords and Black Ink Clansmen rained down on it, its aura rapidly began to dwindle as groans and the sound of someone coughing up blood came from inside.

Obviously, some of the Squad members were critically wounded.

Still, the giant sword condensed of pure World Force managed to maintain coherence before flying straight at the two nearest Feudal Lords.

Seeing this, the two Feudal Lords quickly tried to retreat and hide behind the Army they commanded to move forward, but for some unknown reason, they suddenly felt as if a mountain was pressing down on them and they were simply unable to move.

The next moment, the enormous sword of light brushed past the two Feudal Lords, splitting them in half like tofu. The two Feudal Lords’ eyes bulged in shock and disbelief, as if they were unable to understand how they died.

Inside the giant sword, Wang Xuan Yi was also slightly taken aback. Although the Battle Formation they had assumed was good, it should not be this strong.

Nonetheless, the current situation was critical so he did not have time to dwell much on it and simply assumed that these two Feudal Lords had been overconfident and careless. As such, the sword of light spun around and flew towards the next closest Feudal Lord.

The dissipation of the two Feudal Lords’ auras could clearly be felt through the Sect Defending Array of Swallowing Seas Sect. Such an obvious movement was noticed even by the disciples of lower cultivation.

This immediately sent many disciples into a panic, having no idea whether the ones who had fallen were friends or foes.

Sensing the restlessness among his disciples, Yang Qing raised his arm and shouted, “Don’t panic, our Seventh-Order allies just killed two of the Feudal Lords!”

Swallowing Seas Sect had a rough understanding of the classification of the Black Ink Clan through Wang Xuan Yi and the others’ explanations over the past few days. As such, they knew that the so-called Feudal Lords were on par with the Seventh-Order Master!

As far as Swallowing Seas Sect was concerned, Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were unreachable existences, yet now, two such Feudal Lords had been killed!

How long had it been since the battle began?

After hearing this news, the taut nerves of the disciples relaxed significantly. Although they couldn’t see anything, everyone still turned their eyes towards the outside, hope and expectation returning to their faces!

As soon as Yang Qing’s voice fell, everyone could feel the dissipation of another Master’s aura.

Immediately after, they felt another!

And another!

The disciples were completely dumbstruck, completely oblivious to what was happening outside, all of them turning to Sect Master Yang Qing, hoping for an explanation.

Yang Qing’s face flushed red as he shouted, “Five of the Feudal Lords have been killed! Team Leader Wang and his men’s might is truly unparalleled!”

The other Sixth-Order Elders around him nodded in agreement.

At this moment, everyone wondered if the Feudal Lords were just weak. If not, how could they be killed like chickens by Wang Xuan Yi’s small Squad of 13?

This didn’t make sense though, as the strength the Feudal Lords had displayed earlier was quite amazing.

Could it be that Wang Xuan Yi and the others had been hiding their true strength all along? Was this the full extent of their power?

Whatever may be the case, the death of five Feudal Lords was good news for Swallowing Seas Sect. They were already prepared for the worst, so they never expected Wang Xuan Yi’s Squad to be so fearsome.

Half the Feudal Lords had already been killed, so if just a few more could be killed, the Black Ink Clan Army’s leadership would completely collapse. Without a Master to organize them, Wang Xuan Yi’s Squad would have no trouble routing the common Black Ink Clan soldiers.

Soon, everyone could sense the Feudal Lords’ auras dissipating one after another.

Yang Qing and the others couldn’t help but marvel in their hearts. [The Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters of the Cave Heavens and Paradises are astonishing! They can easily kill Black Ink Clansmen of the same realm like they are slaughtering pigs and dogs!]

On the other hand, Wang Xuan Yi was also dumbstruck, along with all the members of his Squad.

Yang Qing and the others might be unaware of how strong Feudal Lords were, allowing them to think that while they had a high realm, their strength was severely lacking, but how could an experienced Squad be so ignorant?

Although a Feudal Lord was indeed weaker than the average Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, that did not mean they were easy to kill.

If the Feudal Lords were really so worthless, the Human Race wouldn’t have suffered so much damage over the years.

But now, their Giant Sword Formation had become completely unstoppable, and all the Feudal Lords here were basically powerless to resist even a single blow.

The Squad members’ excitement was through the roof, but Wang Xuan Yi and the other Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master keenly noticed that something was strange about this entire affair.

It did not take long before they realized that some Master was secretly helping them. It wasn’t that the Feudal Lords weren’t trying to dodge or resist, rather they were simply unable to do so as some powerful force was locking them in place. This was the reason why they were succeeding so easily.

Understanding this, Wang Xuan Yi no longer had any scruples. Controlling the Giant Sword Formation with his Vice Squad Leader, they raced back and forth across the Black Ink Clan Army, killing all in their path without any resistance!

In short order, all the Feudal Lords were killed and the remaining Black Ink Clansmen broke into pandemonium.

Immediately after, an even bigger commotion could be heard from the outer edge of the Black Ink Clan Army.

At some point in time, the sounds of battle rang out from the periphery as numerous blazing suns and crescent moons rose into the sky one after another, illuminating the entire void.

Wang Xuan Yi was now at a loss as he had no idea what was going on. He immediately drove the Giant Sword Formation towards the periphery of the Black Ink Clan Army to investigate, but when he reached there, he was left completely dumbfounded.

Much to his surprise, he was greeted by the sight of numerous strange creatures engaged in a fierce battle with the Black Ink Clan Army. The sighting of blazing suns and crescent moons was caused by these creatures.

Wang Xuan Yi had never seen such creatures before. All of them looked quite gruff and even a bit simple, like they did not have any sentience. What’s more, it was like their entire body was made up of rocks.

He even saw one of them being torn apart by a Black Ink Clan soldier, but instead of blood flowing out, it was simply reduced to a pile of rubble!

[What are these things?]

He might not have any idea where these creatures popped out from, but they were currently attacking the Black Ink Clan Army. The Black Ink Clan Army of 50,000 soldiers, which had completely surrounded Swallowing Seas Sect, was now surrounded by these strange-looking creatures.

It was exactly as the old adage goes, ‘life is full of ups and downs’.

These creatures looked quite na?ve, but when they fought the Black Ink Clan, they were both ruthless and fearless! Furthermore, the Black Ink Strength which the Black Ink Clan was so proud of was completely useless against them.

Wang Xuan Yi wanted to take a closer look, but he quickly noticed that the Giant Sword Formation’s momentum was growing noticeably weaker.

While carrying out the previous attack, not only had his Squad members consumed too much World Force, but many of them had also suffered injuries, making it difficult to maintain the Formation.

When he set out earlier, he had done so with the determination to die in battle, but it seemed his predestined time had not yet arrived. The sword of light turned around as Wang Yuan Yi led his Squad back to Swallowing Seas Sect, sending a Divine Sense transmission from afar, “Sect Master Yang, please open the Array!”

Yang Qing didn’t dare to be negligent and hurriedly formed a hand seal before pointing towards the Grand Array. The next moment, a gap cracked open in the shield, allowing the Giant Sword Formation to rush inside like a bolt of lightning, falling onto the main square of Swallowing Seas Sect. The dozen or so Squad members were no longer able to maintain the Formation and immediately sprawled out on the ground, gasping for breath like fish on the verge of death.

Yang Qing and the others came to greet them, and when he saw the pale faces of Wang Xuan Yi and the others, as well as the blood dripping from the corners of their mouths, his eyes immediately turned red as he respectfully bowed, “Many thanks for your life-saving efforts.”

Waving them off, Wang Xuan Yi and his Squad members took out pills and swallowed them before sitting down cross-legged to adjust their breathing.