Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5491 - 5491, Hope for the Future

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Wang Xuan Yi and the others had already returned, but the shockwaves of people fighting could still be felt coming from the void and auras were dissipating one after another. Yang Qing and the others looked up, and the next thing they saw left them completely dumbfounded, the Black Ink Clan Army surrounding Swallowing Seas Sect was fleeing like stray dogs.

Furthermore, bright suns and crescent moons also appeared frequently.

[What’s going on?]

Yang Qing and the others were confused and wanted to ask, but Wang Xuan Yi and the others were currently healing. It would be improper to disturb them, so they could only wait quietly.

At first, the battle in the void was quite intense, but it gradually calmed down.

After an hour or two, everything went still and they did not feel or hear anything more.

The Black Ink Strength spread out after the deaths of the Black Ink Clansmen had filled the void outside Swallowing Seas Sect and nothing could be seen through it, not the shining stars or the moon, nothing at all. The Black Ink Strength had isolated everything, causing the entire Swallowing Seas Sect to become extremely dim.

Swallowing Seas Sect’s Sixth-Order Masters were a little perturbed; after all, they had no idea what the current situation was.

At this moment, Wang Xuan Yi opened his eyes. Although he hadn’t fully healed, he could be considered to have recovered enough to move. He stood up and got straight to the point, “A Master is helping us.”

Yang Qing and the others were shocked. Wang Xuan Yi was already in the Seventh Order, so how strong was this ‘Master’ he spoke of?

Still, he now understood why Wang Xuan Yi and the others had been able to kill the Feudal Lords so easily. It was because someone was secretly assisting them.

Wang Xuan Yi bowed towards the void, “Mo Sha Army’s Wang Xuan Yi thanks Senior for your assistance. Could you please grace us with your presence?”

As soon as he finished speaking, the space in front of him suddenly distorted as a figure appeared out of thin air.

Yang Qing and the others were all appalled as their Sect Defending Array was still active. No one could enter their Sect without his permission, but this person had come in, ignoring the isolation of the Sect Defending Array entirely. Furthermore, no one, not even he sensed any abnormal reaction from the Sect Defending Array.

In other words, their Sect Defending Array was no different from air to this person.

What was even more surprising was that this man looked extremely young.

Although it was hard to judge a cultivator’s age from his or her appearance alone when their cultivation was profound, time still left its marks over a long period of cultivation.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

As such, it was possible to roughly judge a cultivator’s age from the air around them.

When this man appeared before them, everyone could tell that he was truly young; no one present here felt that he was older than them!

The one who had come was naturally none other than Yang Kai. He wasn’t trying to act mysterious, he just wanted to observe the battle between the Small Stone Race Army and the Black Ink Clan Army without his direct interference.

When Yang Kai arrived from Profound Abundant Sect’s side, he happened to see Wang Xuan Yi’s Squad’s Warship being destroyed. Immediately after, their 13 members quickly assumed a Formation that took the shape of a giant sword. Yang Kai quietly assisted them in killing the Feudal Lords while setting up a perimeter around the Black Ink Clan Army.

If he wanted, he could have easily wiped out the Black Ink Army himself. Be that as it may, since he had brought the Small Stone Race Army from the Chaotic Dead Territory, Yang Kai wanted to test their strength.

As such, he pulled out two armies of Great Sun and Great Moon Small Stone Race, about 100,000 each.

The Small Stone Race’s intelligence was far too low, only knowing how to act according to their instincts. Even 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race members that were comparable to Eighth-Order Masters were no exception. If he could not find a way to control them, their usefulness would be greatly reduced, and this experiment greatly disappointed Yang Kai!

Unless he activated his Great Sun and Great Moon Marks, he was basically unable to command these Small Stone Race members.

Against the Black Ink Clan, they would simply charge at them and randomly attack, without any form of tactics or strategy.

The only advantage was that the Small Stone Race’s senses were extremely sharp when it came to Black Ink Strength, almost treating those that possessed it as mortal enemies.

Yang Kai suspected that their brains were only the size of a green bean, otherwise, how could they be so stupid?

What further rendered Yang Kai speechless was that, after killing the 50,000 or so Black Ink Clansmen, the two Small Stone Race armies began to fight amongst themselves, sending rocks flying in all directions!

He quickly activated his Great Sun and Great Moon Marks to collect what was left of them.

The reason why they were like this was because of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer’s energy. The energies of these two Supreme Masters inherently opposed each other; as a result, the Great Sun and Great Moon Small Stone Race viewed each other as enemies.

After this, Yang Kai secretly decided that next time he would not release the Great Sun Small Stone Race and Great Moon Small Stone Race together.

As soon as Wang Xuan Yi requested to meet him, Yang Kai appeared. As for the Sect Defending Array of Swallowing Seas Sect… with Yang Kai’s current Mastery of the Dao of Space, it might as well not exist.

After Wang Xuan Yi’s self-introduction, Yang Kai knew that this Squad belonged to Mo Sha Army, so he nodded and introduced himself, “Great Evolution Army’s Yang Kai!”

Wang Xuan Yi was stunned for a moment before his eyes lit up, “So it is Division Commander Yang!”

Obviously, he had heard of Yang Kai.

However, after he had noticed that Yang Kai broke through to the Eighth Order and couldn’t help but marvel at his cultivation speed. [Compared to him, I’ve been living like a dog all these years.]

Yang Kai didn’t have the time to exchange pleasantries with him and simply asked, “Why are you here? How is the situation in the Barren Territory battlefield?”

He had been attacked by a Royal Lord in Wind Mist Territory and had no choice but to flee to the Chaotic Dead Territory for help. At that time, the boundary wall between Wind Mist Territory and the Barren Territory battlefield had already been broken through.

Although Yang Kai knew that the Black Ink Clan’s invasion could no longer be stopped, he really didn’t know what the current situation was.

Wang Xuan Yi’s expression immediately became gloomy after hearing Yang Kai’s question, “The Barren Territory battlefield has been abandoned already. In the final battle, 32 Old Ancestors, led by Pure Yang Cave Heaven’s Old Ancestor, managed to kill the 44 Royal Lords and severely wound the newly appeared Black Ink Giant Spiritual God. However, they also… sacrificed themselves. The Dragon and Phoenix Clan Leaders also died in battle. After that battle, the Human Race Army withdrew from the Barren Territory and split up into Squads that were deployed to the various Great Territories to assist in the evacuation. We are responsible for Swallowing Seas Territory. The higher-ups ordered us to lead the Swallowing Seas Territory cultivators to Mo Sha Territory’s Universe Temple where we will rally together with the surrounding Great Territories’ cultivators. The plan is to evacuate to the Star Boundary!”

Yang Kai’s head started ringing as if he was struck by lightning. All he heard Wang Xuan Yi mention was that 32 Ninth-Order Human Race Masters and even the Dragon and Phoenix Clan Leaders had perished. He did not hear the rest.

After the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and the No-Return Pass battles, not many of the 100 or so Ninth-Order Old Ancestors were left, but now, 32 more had fallen on the Barren Territory battlefield, which was almost all of the Human Race’s top Masters.

[Does the Human Race still have any Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters left?]

In an instant, Yang Kai’s face went pale as he stumbled.

Yang Qing and the others also wore blank expressions.

For Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters like them, Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters like Wang Xuan Yi were already unparalleled existences, while Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters like Yang Kai were simply beyond their ability to meet.

Yet the Human Race had lost 32 Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters on the Barren Territory battlefield, along with the leaders of the Dragon and Phoenix Clans!

The leaders of the Dragon and Phoenix Clans were legendary existences that were rumoured to be as, or even more powerful than the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

When they heard about this from the Sixth-Order Elder who had evacuated from the Barren Territory Battlefield, their response was far more dramatic than Yang Kai’s.

“Division Commander Yang… Division Commander Yang!” Wang Xuan Yi called out several times before Yang Kai’s lifeless eyes slowly focused on him.

Yang Kai’s loss of cool did not go unnoticed by him, and he could empathize with his current mood.

The death of so many Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters was an eternal sorrow for the Human Race! Every surviving soldier would remember the shame of retreating from the Barren Territory battlefield.

He wanted to comfort Yang Kai, but he didn’t know what to say as any words seemed hollow and pointless. In the end, he simply pursed his lips and sighed.

Yang Kai, on the other hand, suddenly asked, “How many Royal Lords are left now?”

Wang Xuan Yi answered, “All the Royal Lords on the Barren Territory Battlefield were wiped out. As for whether there are Royal Lords left in other places, I have no idea.”

Yang Kai immediately understood the Old Ancestors’ intentions. They were paving the way forward for the younger generation!

All the Royal Lords on the Barren Territory battlefield were annihilated, while the Royal Lord who had chased Yang Kai to the Chaotic Dead Territory was killed by the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer.

In that case, there was only one Royal Lord left, and that was the one who was guarding the No-Return Pass. Yang Kai had met him before and was forced to use the corpse of the Black Ox and Azure Void Old Ancestor to deal with him.

At the moment, all the Royal Lords were Innate Royal Lords, and even the Territory Lords were all Innate Territory Lords.

There was no way for Innate Territory Lords to become Royal Lords.

In other words, if the Black Ink Clan wanted to produce new Royal Lords, they would need to raise them from scratch, which would take a very, very long time.

As such, the Human Race had gained some breathing room to grow.

The Old Ancestors knew that their current generation was unable to solve the problem of the Black Ink Clan, so they had left their hopes to the next generation. For this reason, they were even willing to sacrifice their lives to take out all of the Royal Lords on the Barren Territory battlefield.

Was there any hope for humanity’s future?

Yes, there was!

It was none other than the Star Boundary!

Yang Kai could even say that he himself was that hope as well!

Because whether it was the Star Boundary or his own Small Universe, both received feedback from a World Tree clone, which could produce a large number of prodigies, especially his Small Universe where the flow of time was seven times faster than the outside world. In some ways, he was even more useful than the Star Boundary.

Of course, the Star Boundary was much larger than his Small Universe, and so was its population. This was something his Small Universe could not compete in.

Overall, the Star Boundary and Small Universe had their advantages and disadvantages.

Combined with what Wang Xuan Yi had said before, the goal of the evacuation was the Star Boundary. The Old Ancestors’ plan was quite obvious.

The next generation would shoulder the heavy burden of revitalizing the Human Race. It was both a pressure and motivation. Only by purging the universe of the Black Ink Clan could they live up to the sacrifices of the many Old Ancestors.

Yang Kai wasn’t a fool. When he first learned that the Old Ancestors had died in battle, he had lost his composure, but after he had calmed down, he instantly understood their intentions.

Taking a deep breath, Yang Kai asked again, “Are there still any Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters left?”

Wang Xuan Yi nodded his affirmation, “Right now, there are two left, one is Old Ancestor Wu Qing and the other is Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao. Both Old Ancestors are currently guarding the Wind Mist Territory’s passageway against the heavily injured Black Ink Giant Spiritual God, just to be on the safe side.”

Yang Kai finally calmed down.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao was still alive.

Among all the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, he undoubtedly had the most contact with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and she had also taken care of him the most. He was glad to hear that she was alive, it was truly a small blessing among so many misfortunes.