Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5492: Refining the Profound Abundant World

Yang Kai silently calculated the difference in strength between both sides. On the Black Ink Clan’s side were two Black Ink Giant Spiritual Gods and one Royal Lord.

Whereas the Human Race had one Giant Spiritual God, two Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, and if the Dragon Clan’s Fu Guang didn’t die, the Dragon Clan also had a Divine Dragon.

Furthermore, there was also the Giant Spiritual God Ah Da whose whereabouts remained unknown. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

As such, in terms of top combat strength, the Human Race actually had the advantage once Ah Da was added.

Be that as it may, since the Barren Territory’s defensive line was broken and the Black Ink Clan had launched a massive invasion on the 3,000 Worlds, these top Masters alone couldn’t stop them. Black Ink Strength was quite treacherous and extremely difficult to deal with, able to turn an entire Great Territory into the Black Ink Clan’s territory in an extremely short time.

In addition, the Human Race Army had suffered heavy losses over the years. Who knows how many Great Territories were suffering with the heavy losses the Human Race Army had suffered. It was also unknown how many Great Territories were currently tormented by the Black Ink Clan. Who knows how many Humans had been corrupted by Black Ink Strength and turned into the Black Ink Disciples? A mass evacuation of the 3,000 Worlds was a must.

Yang Kai suddenly thought of a problem, “What about the mortals and the countless cultivators who can’t cross the void?”

A great force like Swallowing Seas Sect still had the ability to evacuate the entire Sect; after all, they only had a few thousand disciples so with some flight-type artifacts everything was solved.

But what about Profound Abundant Sect?

What about the Profound Abundant World?

Just like the Star Boundary, the Profound Abundant World had billions, if not trillions of mortals living on it. Profound Abundant Sect couldn’t take all of them away, nor did Swallowing Seas Sect.

If they were to be left behind, the only thing waiting for them was to be turned into Black Ink Disciples, enslaved and ruled by the Black Ink Clan, completely at the enemy’s mercy.

Yang Kai had never given much thought to this before. In the current situation, evacuating and relocating to the Star Boundary was the only option, but only now did he suddenly realize this huge problem.

Gloom immediately took over Wang Xuan Yi’s face as he replied, pursing his lips, “There’s nothing we can do.”

He and the other Seventh-Order’s Small Universe could accommodate some living beings, but there was always a limit, and once they exceeded this limit, it would affect their strength.

There were over a dozen Universe Worlds in Swallowing Seas Territory, each one massive in both size and population.

The two Seventh-Order Master’s Small Universes couldn’t contain so many mortals in them no matter what.

The evacuation of the 3,000 Worlds was quite a quandary and every Squad responsible for this mission had considered this issue.

In the end, all they could do was bring as many with them as possible, but most of them would have to be abandoned.

This was an extremely cruel decision to make, but also the only option.

Yang Kai remained silent for a moment before stating, “Squad Leader Wang, assist Swallowing Seas Sect in evacuating. I’ll go to the Profound Abundant World.”

Wang Xuan heaved a sigh and consoled, “Division Commander Yang, there is a limit to everyone’s ability. All we can do is try our best.”

Obviously, he had misunderstood something. He thought that Yang Kai couldn’t bear to stand by and watch, and wanted to go to the Profound Abundant World and use his Small Universe to bring out as many people as possible.

Yang Kai nodded his acknowledgement before handing a Space Beacon to Wang Xuan Yi, instructing him to keep it close to him before disappearing.

Using Instantaneous Movement, it only took Yang Kai half an hour to arrive in the outer void of Profound Abundant World. It was quite a beautiful world, a huge Universe World was like a lustrous sapphire in the Starry Sky.

Once a beautiful Universe World like this was occupied by the Black Ink Clan though, this beautiful gem would be covered in dust.

There were more than a dozen such Universe Worlds in Swallowing Seas Territory and countless more across the entire 3,000 Worlds. Did the Human Race really have to abandon them all?

Yang Kai was extremely unwilling and wracked his brain to think of a way to resolve this issue.

After staring for a while, Yang Kai suddenly sat down cross-legged before his Divine Sense started surging towards the vast Universe World like a tidal wave.

Although Profound Abundant World was quite big, the Divine Sense of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was extremely powerful.

Not to mention, it was Yang Kai, whose Soul was abnormally strong. Even an ordinary Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would be able to cover the entire Profound Abundant World with a single thought, so much less needed to be said about him.

The next moment, Yang Kai began manipulating Space Principles, squeezing the Void from all directions. At the same time, his hand quickly formed hand seals as beams of light shot towards Profound Abundant World. These beams of light disappeared into the Universe World before dazzling flashes lit it up.

He wanted to refine the entire Profound Abundant World into a World Bead!

Yang Kai had refined World Beads a long time ago in the Star Boundary.

At that time, Yang Kai’s cultivation wasn’t very high, only in the Emperor Realm. Even his mastery in the Dao of Space wasn’t very high, but he was still able to refine simple World Beads.

World Beads were a kind of storage artifact based on Yang Kai’s original Small Sealed World and could accommodate living beings.

In the past, when the Star Boundary and the Demon Race’s Armies fought, the Armies of the Star Boundary were extremely mobile thanks to these World Beads. Even Su Yan and the other women who were close to Yang Kai had obtained many World Beads, but their World Beads were not used to accommodate an Army but to kill enemies.

Although the World Beads were only the size of a small bead, they were actually refined from massive asteroids and even some Dead Stars. There was no need for any special technique, just throwing such a massive amount of mass at an enemy would cause considerable damage.

At that time, Su Yan and the others had used the World Beads given to them by Yang Kai to kill many powerful enemies.

Anyway, Yang Kai had not refined World Beads since then because there was no need, so the technique remained somewhat rough.

After breaking free from the Universe World’s shackles and leaving the Star Boundary, Yang Kai had spent all his time focusing on his own cultivation, so how could he be in the mood to engage in such pointless research?

Now, however, with the Black Ink Clan launching a large-scale invasion, countless living beings on thousands of Universe Worlds had no one to rely on. Since Yang Kai couldn’t take all of these people away on his own, he figured he could just pack up the entire Universe World!

In this world, perhaps Yang Kai was the only one who could come up with such a bold and crazy idea.

When he was in the Emperor Realm, Yang Kai had been able to refine World Beads from small Dead Stars, so now that he had advanced to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, his strength was thousands of times greater than when he was in the Emperor Realm, while even his mastery over of the Dao of Space was far beyond what it was back then.

Therefore, Yang Kai didn’t think that refining the entire Profound Abundant World into a World Bead was just wishful thinking.

What’s more, his current achievements in the Dao of Artifact Refining and Dao of Spirit Arrays were also extraordinary.

As long as he regarded Profound Abundant World as a kind of Artifact Refining material, and used his understanding over the Dao of Spirit Arrays, Dao of Artifact Refining, and Dao of Space as a foundation, his idea was completely possible.

There was only one problem.

Yang Kai had to be extremely careful when refining this Universe World into an artifact. If he made a single mistake, it would likely cause the entire Profound Abundant World to collapse. At that time, the living beings of the Profound Abundant World were destined to suffer massive casualties under natural and man-made calamities.

Be that as it may, Yang Kai had no other choice. He couldn’t just teleport away all the living beings in this world before refining it.

Profound Abundant Sect, led by the acting Sect Master Zhu Ge Xing Wei, had previously received Yang Kai’s assistance and instructions, and was now preparing to evacuate.

The Sect was not as powerful as Swallowing Seas Sect, but the number of disciples they had was a dozen times higher, reaching the tens of thousands with widely varying cultivations.

After all, occupying an entire Universe World made it easier to select, accept, and house disciples.

Profound Abundant Sect, of course, had its own flight-type artifacts, a few ships of different sizes, which were normally only used by the Sect’s top Masters when they went out, but now they were being repurposed as evacuation ships.

But even if these ships were filled to the brim, they could only carry 5,000 people at most, so it had become a huge problem to decide who would leave and who would stay from tens of thousands of disciples.

Everyone had family and friends, and no one wanted to leave them behind. In less than half a day, the quota of 5,000 people had been filled after much deliberation by the Elders, but there were still many whom they needed to bring with them.

For a moment, the Elders in the main conference hall broke into a heated argument, giving Zhu Ge Xing Wei a massive headache. He was the acting Sect Master, but how could he have imagined that during his tenure, he would be faced with an event that would put the survival of Profound Abundant Sect in jeopardy?

Just as everyone was arguing, everything began to lightly shake. Faintly, something seemed to have changed in this Universe World.

Everyone was shocked and quickly came out to investigate. Upon looking up, they saw beams of light shooting towards them from all directions and disappearing into various parts of Profound Abundant World.

Every time a beam of light fell, the Profound Abundant World would slightly tremble.

Zhu Ge Xing Wei’s expression changed greatly as he quickly linked his consciousness with Profound Abundant World, wanting to investigate.

The reason he was able to accomplish this was not because of his extraordinary strength. His cultivation of the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm might be strong, but it was not that strong. He was able to do this because when he was in the Emperor Realm, he had been recognized by the Profound Abundant World’s Will, making him a Great Emperor.

His identity was similar to Yang Kai’s status in the Star Boundary.

Having received the acknowledgement of this World’s Will, Zhu Ge Xing Wei’s perception of the changes in the Profound Abundant World was naturally sharper than others.

After examining the situation for a while, a look of shock could not help but appear on his face.

The entire Profound Abundant World seemed to be undergoing some kind of refinement! The method of this refinement was extremely profound and left markings all across the Universe World. Zhu Ge Xing Wei had no idea what the purpose of this refinement was.

He didn’t dare to neglect this, but just as he was about to go out to investigate, a large hand pushed aside the clouds in the sky as a massive face appeared.

Zhu Ge Xing Wei glanced up and immediately bowed in respect, “Greetings, Senior!”

He recognized this person as the young man who had just saved them from certain death.

Yang Kai slightly nodded to him, but did not waste time explaining himself. He just gave an order, “All Open Heaven Realm Masters, come out!”

How could Zhu Ge Xing Wei dare to refuse? He quickly summoned the Open Heaven Realm Masters in his Sect and soared into the sky.

In the blink of an eye, all of the Open Heaven Realm Masters had disappeared from the Profound Abundant World. When they arrived in the void, Zhu Ge Xing Wei saw Yang Kai sitting cross-legged, his hand constantly forming seals.

Fraught with restlessness, he stepped forward and asked, “What instructions does Senior have?”

Yang Kai replied, “None, you’re just a hindrance inside!”

They were indeed a hindrance, especially since this was Yang Kai’s first time refining an entire Universe World into a World Bead. He wasn’t very familiar with the process and the Open Heaven Realm Masters of the Profound Abundant World were creating further disturbances in his refinement.

Now that they had all left Profound Abundant World, the process became much smoother.

A look of distress appeared on Zhu Ge Xing Wei’s face. He had no idea how he and the others were hindering Yang Kai, but he didn’t dare to ask any more questions. The group of over 200 Open Heaven Realm Masters could only silently stand on one side, watching Yang Kai.

Slowly, they discovered that the void in front of them was starting to distort and couldn’t help but be shocked. They knew that this senior expert was about to do something astonishing to their Profound Abundant World.