Chapter 5494: A Sudden Thought

Many people who saw the true appearance of the bead like Zhu Ge Xing Wei were beside themselves in shock.

Zhu Ge Xing Wei calmed himself down. He wanted to thank Yang Kai, but just as he was about to, Yang Kai casually tossed the World Bead to him. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

A chill shot up through Zhu Ge Xing Wei’s spine.

Even if he was a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he was still thrown into a fluster as he tried to catch the bead.

Holding the World Bead refined from the Profound Abundant World in his hands, Zhu Ge Xing Wei’s smile was even uglier than when he was crying. He looked at Yang Kai, stuttering, “Senior, this… this…”

[What do I do now?]

Although it was good news that the entire Profound Abundant World had been refined into a World Bead, how could he keep it? He was afraid that if he made any slight movements, he would cause the entire Profound Abundant World to collapse.

Yang Kai, on the other hand, waved his hand in a totally unconcerned manner and stated, “There’s no need to be so cautious. I’ve also refined the Void around your Profound Abundant World to insulate it. As long as you keep it close to you and prevent it from coming into contact with any powerful shocks, like the attacks of an Open Heaven Realm Master, the Profound Abundant World won’t be in any danger.”

Zhu Ge Xing Wei suddenly understood why the outer layer of the bead was grey, it was actually a buffer space surrounding the Profound Abundant World.

This revelation finally put Zhu Ge Xing Wei at ease. Following Yang Kai’s instructions, he put the World Bead in his pocket close to his chest, and also patted it to check. Even then, he was still not completely at ease, but it would have to do for now.

Then, he earnestly bowed to Yang Kai, “Senior’s great kindness is something that the entire Profound Abundant World will never forget.”

Yang Kai lightly nodded his acknowledgement before stretching his hand out, poking into the Void. The next moment, a portal appeared in front of him, one that led to Swallowing Seas Sect with the help of the Space Beacon he had given to Wang Xuan Yi, “Go in and join up with Swallowing Seas Sect.”

Zhu Ge Xing Wei thanked him once more before leading his 200 or so disciples through the portal. The next moment, they arrived at Swallowing Seas Sect, where they saw Wang Xuan Yi, Yang Qing, and the others. After chatting, when everyone came to learn about Yang Kai’s feat of refining the Profound Abundant World, they were thoroughly shocked.

Even someone like Wang Xuan Yi, who was someone from the Cave Heavens and Paradises, had never heard of people refining a World into a bead.

Thus, he was in great shock, but more than that, he was overjoyed.

Originally, the evacuation and relocation could only ensure the safety of the top cultivators from various Sects and great forces. They were completely powerless to help the myriad living beings in all the defenceless Universe Worlds. Now, thanks to Yang Kai, everyone in the entire Swallowing Seas Territory could evacuate.

Not just Swallowing Seas Territory, as long as there was enough time, the same feat could be repeated in many other Great Territories.

Wang Xuan Yi couldn’t help but recall the question Yang Kai had asked him before, ‘What about the mortals?’

His answer at the time was that they were powerless to do anything.

Even so, Yang Kai had come up with a solution in just a few days, causing an enormous sense of admiration to well up in his heart.

Meanwhile, Yang Kai had already arrived at another Universe World’s location via a different Space Beacon. Previously, he had asked Zhu Ge Xing Wei to gather 13 disciples and send them to the 13 other Universe Worlds in this Territory carrying a Space Beacon each, which saved him the time he would have spent on travelling.

This Universe World was the closest to the Profound Abundant World, and it also had a Sect overseeing it with strength similar to Profound Abundant Sect’s. They also had a good relationship with Profound Abundant Sect.

Previously, when Profound Abundant Sect’s Open Heaven Realm Masters were fighting with the Black Ink Clan, Zhu Ge Xing Wei had sent two Elders out to seek help. One of them was Elder Pang, who had gone to the Swallowing Seas Sect. When he saw that Swallowing Seas Sect was besieged by the Black Ink Clan Army from a distance, how could he go and ask for their help? He had no choice but to return empty-handed. The other Elder had come to this Universe World, but they had lost contact with him after that.

After everything Profound Abundant Sect had gone through, Zhu Ge Xing Wei lost his cool and forgot to mention this to Yang Kai.

On the other hand, Profound Abundant Sect’s Elder, who was responsible for bringing the Space Beacon to this World, was quite prudent. He did not rashly approach and instead hid some distance away, concealing his aura and waiting for Yang Kai.

A few days later, Yang Kai appeared beside him, nearly frightening the life out of him.

When this Elder saw that it was Yang Kai though, he finally relaxed and quickly reported everything that had transpired.

A deep furrow appeared on Yang Kai’s brow after hearing the report. He immediately focused his gaze towards the Universe World, and as expected, he saw some Black Ink Clansmen and Black Ink Disciples moving about.

The Sect governing this Universe World had been completely defeated by the Black Ink Clan, and almost all the surviving cultivators had been converted into Black Ink Disciples.

Fortunately, these Black Ink Clansmen were not that strong and were not many in number, just a squad about the same size as the one that had gone to attack the Profound Abundant World. The leader of this Black Ink Clan squad was only a High-Rank Clansman, that was all, not even qualified to own their own Black Ink Nest.

If a Feudal Lord was here, and if he had planted his Black Ink Nest, the entire Universe World would be flooded with Black Ink Strength, at which point it would be impossible to reverse the situation.

Although the current situation was not something to rejoice, it was still salvageable. For Yang Kai, it was as easy as snapping his fingers.

The Profound Abundant Sect Elder standing next to Yang Kai only saw the latter stretch his hand out and grasp towards the Universe World. And when he pulled his hand back, the Profound Abundant Sect Elder saw several dozen strange-looking Black Ink Clansmen appear in front of them.

These Black Ink Clansmen had no idea what just happened. They were suddenly captured and brought out into the void, so they were completely confused.

Immediately after, a fearsome force swept through them from all directions, wiping out these several dozen Black Ink Clansmen in the blink of an eye.

Yang Kai then brought his hands together as a beam of Purifying Light shot down towards the Sect below, enveloping all the Black Ink Disciples and dispelling the Black Ink Strength in their bodies.

After having taken care of the Black Ink Clansmen and Black Ink Disciples, Yang Kai waited for the cultivators in the Sect below to recover before sending a Divine Sense transmission.

A moment later, a Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, leading a group of Open Heaven Realm Masters, rushed over to greet him.

Yang Kai didn’t waste time chatting with them and directly opened a portal to Swallowing Seas Sect’s Space Beacon, ordering them to head over and meet up with the others.

Seeing that Yang Kai was an Eighth-Order Ancestor rank figure, the Fifth-Order Master didn’t dare to object and simply led his subordinates into the portal.

After the Profound Abundant Sect Elder responsible for bringing the Space Beacon here had also left, Yang Kai began refining the Universe World.

Having done it once before, this second attempt was naturally smoother and he did not even feel resistance from the World’s Will.

This second Universe World gave Yang Kai the feeling that it was actively cooperating.

This only further confirmed his suspicions.

Just like that, Yang Kai travelled from one Universe World to the next. After arriving at each Universe World, he would open a Void Corridor to the Swallowing Seas Sect and order the Open Heaven Realm Masters of the respective Universe Worlds to go on ahead. Without the complication of Open Heaven Realm Masters, Yang Kai was then able to smoothly refine the World Bead.

Not every Universe World had Open Heaven Realm Masters.

Every single Universe World in Swallowing Seas Territory had Humans living on them, but the level of their Martial Daos differed quite significantly. The higher the level, the easier it was to cultivate and give birth to Open Heaven Realm Masters. The strongest cultivators in some of the Universe Worlds were just Emperor Realm Masters though, with no Open Heaven Realm Masters overseeing them. In other words, refining them was even easier.

After more than a month, Yang Kai had finished refining all 14 Universe Worlds in Swallowing Seas Territory. Aside from the original Profound Abundant World, which had been handed over to Zhu Ge Xing Wei, Yang Kai had kept the remaining 13 with him.

With this matter settled, Yang Kai’s next stop was the Swallowing Seas Sect.

At this point, Swallowing Seas Sect and the other cultivators who had rushed to this place, under the leadership of Wang Xuan Yi and his Squad, were prepared to move out at a moment’s notice.

When they noticed Yang Kai’s arrival, Wang Xuan Yi hurried over to salute him.

After exchanging some pleasantries, Yang Kai came to learn that everyone was ready to leave, so he immediately stated, “There’s no time to delay, we need to set out right away.”

To evacuate, the Swallowing Seas Sect would first head to Mo Sha Territory’s Universe Temple, where they would rendezvous with cultivators from the neighbouring Great Territories, and then, they would head to the Star Boundary under the protection of Mo Sha Cave Heaven’s Masters.

Although it would be quite a lengthy journey, with Mo Sha Cave Heaven and Mo Sha Army’s Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters’ protecting them, it would still be much safer than the cultivators of each Great Territory heading out alone.

The evacuation plans of every Cave Heaven and Paradise were basically the same.

For example, the dozen-plus Great Territories under Pure Yang Cave Heaven’s jurisdiction all needed to arrive at the Pure Yang Territory’s Universe Temple within a set period of time, where they would coordinate with the Pure Yang Army’s Masters. Furthermore, Pure Yang Army Squads like Wang Xuan Yi’s Squad had gone to various Great Territories to assist the local Sects and forces in their evacuation.

This was a great migration that involved the entire 3,000 Worlds with no Sect being able to avoid it.

Just as Wang Xuan Yi had said before, even colossal forces like the Cave Heavens and Paradises would have to abandon their Sect’s ancestral foundation, which had been passed down through countless millennia.

As long as they were alive, they would be able to take back their foundations sooner or later, but if all of them died, then nothing would be left.

Already, not much time was left before the deadline. If Swallowing Seas Territory’s group couldn’t arrive in time, Mo Sha Army’s Masters wouldn’t wait for them.

This was something that had already been agreed upon.

So no matter what, they had to arrive at Mo Sha Territory’s Universe Temple before the deadline.

“Is Division Commander Yang not coming with us?” Wang Xuan Yi asked.

Yang Kai shook his head, “I must head to the other Great Territories.”

Wang Xuan Yi immediately understood that Yang Kai wanted to refine more Universe Worlds and save more people!

Wang Xuan Yi was filled with deep veneration and cupped his fist, “Division Commander Yang, please take care. Although all the Royal Lords have been wiped out and the two Black Ink Giant Spiritual Gods are restrained, the number of Territory Lords is still quite high. The current Territory Lords are all Innate Territory Lords, who are as strong as our strongest Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.”

He thought that since Yang Kai had just broken through to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, he should not be that strong, thus his warning.

How could he have known that Territory Lords were no longer Yang Kai’s opponent. Not to mention Territory Lords, Yang Kai had even killed a Royal Lord!

If he knew, he would probably be overwhelmed in shock.

Yang Kai nodded his acknowledgement, “You must also be careful as you may encounter the Black Ink Clan along the way…”

Saying so, Yang Kai was suddenly struck with an idea.

As he wanted to go to another Great Territory to refine more Universe Worlds, he couldn’t afford to escort the evacuees from Swallowing Seas Territory.

He might not be able to personally guard them, but he had a great army of tens of millions of Small Stone Race members!

These creatures might have low intelligence, but they were more than capable of dealing with some Black Ink Clansmen. The Small Stone Race hated Black Ink Strength above all else, so if the Black Ink Clan appeared in front of them, they would immediately attack.

Swallowing Seas Territory’s survivors would naturally be much safer if they were escorted by a Small Stone Race Army.

Unfortunately, the Small Stone Race was difficult to control due to their low sentience. If Yang Kai could solve this problem, the Small Stone Race would be of great help to the Human Race’s evacuation.