Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5498: Old Thief, Don’t Touch my Small Stone Race Soldiers

Wu Kuang and Blood Crow had talked quite a bit while fighting in the Barren Territory battlefield, so Wu Kuang had learned a lot about Yang Kai and knew that the latter had long since broken through to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm and had even killed a number of Territory Lords.

However, Yang Kai had disappeared after the battle outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, with no one knowing if he was dead or alive.

So, Wu Kuang also had no idea. In truth, he didn’t care much about Yang Kai’s life or death, so it was a huge surprise to actually run into each other in this place. Furthermore, Yang Kai was already an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!

Wu Kuang’s heart was filled with bitterness. He knew that he would not lose to anyone in this World when it came to cultivation speed; after all, the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was both exquisite and ingenious. It was definitely the best cultivation technique in existence. Even Blood Crow, who cultivated the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture, was forced to admit defeat before him. Yet, it had not been long since Yang Kai had advanced to the Seventh Order, so how could he already have reached the Eighth Order so quickly?

“Did you secretly cultivate the Heaven Devouring Battle Law?” Wu Kuang made a wild guess.

Yang Kai sneered, “Do you think I use it so haphazardly like you?”

Wu Kuang sized him up before vigorously shaking his head left and right, “Then this doesn’t make sense!”

If he hadn’t cultivated the Heaven Devouring Battle Law, how could his cultivation increase so rapidly? Yang Kai wasn’t like him, so he would only be dooming himself if he cultivated the Heaven Devouring Battle Law without the Flawless Purifying Golden Lotus.

Yang Kai disdainfully sneered, “This King’s aptitude is not something you can fathom!”

Wu Kuang could not wait to slap him to death. No one had ever dared act so arrogantly in front of him!

While the two were bickering, an army of about 100,000 Black Ink Clansmen had already arrived, led by a Territory Lord and a dozen or so Feudal Lords.

Wu Kuang still maintained a ready-to-flee posture, and was no longer in the mood to bicker with Yang Kai, “If you have any tricks up your sleeve, hurry up and use them. If you delay anymore, I’m afraid we’ll both die here today.” L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Yang Kai snorted lightly before opening a portal to his Small Universe. The next moment, a 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race member stepped out, followed closely by another.

He had collected millions and millions of Small Stone Race members from the Chaotic Dead Territory back then, and these 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race members were all comparable to Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

In the beginning, Yang Kai had over 100 of these 1,000-metre-tall giants, but after distributing most of the Small Stone Race Army to the evacuating Human forces as protectors, he was left with just 10 million Small Stone Race soldiers, of which just two were 1,000-metre tall.

On one side was an Innate Territory Lord, while on the other was two 1,000-metre tall Small Stone Race Masters. It was a fairly even match.

Right behind these 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race members though was a densely packed army of the Small Stone Race. In an instant, hundreds of thousands charged out of Yang Kai’s Small Universe, and more were still appearing.

Wu Kuang gawked, faintly feeling these creatures were a little familiar. He had spent some time in New Great Territory in the past and had seen ordinary Small Stone Race members; however, the Small Stone Race he had seen was the most primitive of beings, so how could they possibly give off the same awe-inspiring aura as the ones right before him.

The Small Stone Race Army instantly detected Black Ink Strength after stepping out of Yang Kai’s Small Universe. The two leading 1,000-metre tall Small Stone Race Masters furiously roared towards the sky before leading their army towards the Black Ink Clan, as if they had just seen an absolutely irreconcilable enemy.

The Territory Lord on the opposite side couldn’t help but be dumbfounded. They had come here chasing a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Human, but now they were suddenly attacked by a massive army. He was caught a little off guard.

But soon, the Territory Lord recognized these Small Stone Race members.

Over the past 20 years, the Black Ink Clan had encountered armies of similar creatures when they were pursuing the Humans through the various Great Territories. These creatures were extremely valiant when they fought with Black Ink Clan Army, causing them to suffer defeat many times at their hands.

More importantly though, these creatures didn’t fear the corrosion of Black Ink Strength at all, which gave the Black Ink Clan a serious headache.

Apart from directly killing them, the Black Ink Clan had yet to find an effective method to deal with them.

The Territory Lord had never imagined that he would encounter such a formidable enemy here; moreover, the enemy’s numbers were several times greater than his own. On top of all that, there was even an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Human staring at them with hostility.

The Territory Lord instantly wanted to retreat, but before he could do so, the two 1,000-metre Small Stone Race members had already surrounded him. Helpless, the Territory Lord could only retreat while fighting. As for his own army, he couldn’t give a damn about them right now. In this situation, his life was naturally more important.

The sudden appearance of the Small Stone Race Army had thrown the Black Ink Clan pursuers into disarray. Wu Kuang, on the other hand, was in high spirits.

He was chased by this Black Ink Clan Army for several months already, during which time he had several brushes with death. In short, he was dead tired. Any other Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would have long succumbed to exhaustion. It was only thanks to the wonders of the Heaven Devouring Battle Law that he was able to keep his life.

Since the tables had turned with Yang Kai’s help, how could he just sit back and watch? Of course, Wu Kuang wanted to take revenge. Activating the Heaven Devouring Battle Law across a wide area, Wu Kuang began drawing everything into himself. Not only did he devour the Black Ink Clan’s Black Ink Strength, but he also devoured the energy of the Small Stone Race.

If it had only happened once or twice, it could have been explained as an accident, but after tasting the benefits contained in these Small Stone Race, Wu Kuang became more unrestrained, and the Heaven Devouring Battle Law’s range enlarged. Not only did the Black Ink Clan endlessly cry out in grievance, but even the Small Stone Race Army suffered numerous casualties.

The Small Stone Race in Yang Kai’s hands had all evolved with the help of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer, so to Wu Kuang, their energy was far more beneficial than Black Ink Strength.

Yang Kai saw this and immediately cursed, “Old thief, don’t touch my Small Stone Race soldiers!”

It was only because he had reached a critical juncture in his refinement of the Universe World that he couldn’t handle other matters; otherwise, he would definitely beat Wu Kuang up.

Wu Kuang assured, laughing loudly, “It was a mistake, a mistake. Don’t worry about it!”

But at least after that, he acted with some discretion.

Yang Kai quickly concentrated on refining the Universe World, and half a day later, he stretched out his hand and made a scooping gesture in the Void, as if he was trying to pluck the moon’s reflection from a lake. The next moment, the Universe World disappeared and a World Bead appeared in his hand.

Having finished, Yang Kai arrived in front of the Territory Lord who was being attacked by the two 1,000-metre Small Stone Race members in a flash. Not even using his Azure Dragon Spear, he just unleashed a simple punch; however, this one punch made the Territory Lord’s chest cave in as he spurted a mouthful of blood.

The Territory Lord was already struggling under the two-pronged attacks of the two Small Stone Race giants, so how could he resist Yang Kai’s sudden attack?

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to escape, but the 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race members’ attacks were too strong and fearsome, giving him no room for escape.

The Black Ink Clan Army under him had suffered continuous casualties at the hands of the Small Stone Race, dropping to around 30,000 in total from an original 100,000. Now, with the Eighth-Order Master joining in, he knew that his death had come.

Driven into desperation, the Territory Lord became ruthless. His Black Ink Strength started madly surging, making it look like he was prepared to die as long as he could drag them down with him.

Be that as it may, how could Yang Kai allow him to do as he wished? Utilizing numerous Dao Strengths, one after another, Yang Kai beat the Territory Lord dizzy. Coupled with the cooperation of the two Small Stone Race Masters, the Territory Lord was completely powerless to do anything.

In the time it takes to boil a cup of tea, the Territory Lord was blown to pieces by Yang Kai’s fists, spurting black blood everywhere. Wu Kuang, who saw everything from a distance, had his brow twitching visibly.

When Yang Kai had scoffed at it being ‘just a Territory Lord’, he thought that this Brat had become a braggart; even if Yang Kai was an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he would have had his hands full against a Territory Lord.

By the looks of it, this Brat’s strength was simply abnormal. Although he was assisted by two Small Stone Race members, Yang Kai’s strength was the key.

Wu Kuang was still secretly absorbing some of the Small Stone Race members’ energy, but after witnessing Yang Kai’s strength, he didn’t dare act presumptuously anymore, lest he be beaten black and blue.

He was someone who had been famous for tens of thousands of years before Yang Kai was born, so being taught a lesson by a Junior like him would have made him lose all face.

Without the support of the Territory Lord, the remaining Black Ink Clan Army found it even harder to resist the encirclement of the Small Stone Race Army. Yang Kai did not make any further moves, whereas the two 1,000-metre-tall Small Stone Race members fought their way into the encirclement, wiping out all of the Black Ink Clan soldiers in less than half an hour.

Only then did Yang Kai activate the Great Sun Mark and collect this Great Sun Small Stone Race Army to prevent them from running about.

After having dealt with this, Yang Kai turned to Wu Kuang and asked, “Why are you here?”

When he was in the Shattered Heaven, Yang Kai had asked a pair of Heavenly River Palace disciples about Wu Kuang’s whereabouts, but they could only tell him the latter had disappeared some years ago.

The Shattered Heaven Masters should have already been evacuated back to the Star Boundary; however, Yang Kai hadn’t expected to encounter Wu Kuang here either.

Wu Kuang casually replied, “After the Human Race Army in the Barren Territory retreated, this King decided to wander off alone.”

As far as others were concerned, retreating to the Star Boundary with the army was the safest option, but to Wu Kuang, this was a good opportunity to apply his talents.

When he was in the Shattered Heaven, he had still restrained himself a little; after all, the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was not a glorious cultivation technique. If some Master from one of the Cave Heavens or Paradises decided to exterminate evil and uphold righteousness, they might just kill him.

Even when he was extra careful, Wu Kuang still managed to provoke Withering Flame Divine Monarch and was hunted all the way to the Shattered Ruins. By some chance and coincidence, he entered the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land and then followed a group of Divine Spirits to the Barren Territory battlefield.

When he arrived at the Barren Territory battlefield, Wu Kuang finally let himself loose!

There, no one would care what kind of cultivation method one used. So long as one could kill the Black Ink Clan, they would be comrades!

On the Barren Territory battlefield, Wu Kuang had obtained quite a harvest and his cultivation had also risen rapidly.

Unfortunately, the good days didn’t last long. The Black Ink Clan broke through the boundary wall leading to Wind Mist Territory, forcing the Human Race Army to retreat. Wu Kuang couldn’t be bothered to move with the others, so he found an excuse to leave.

When he was fighting together with the other Humans, Wu Kuang always had to worry about accidentally injuring his allies, but now that he was alone and surrounded by enemies, he had completely let himself go.

Not only did he devour many, many Black Ink Clansmen, he even dared to devour the energy from Universe Worlds occupied by the Black Ink Clan. Along the way, his cultivation rose at an astonishing pace, but this also provoked the Black Ink Clan who started pursuing him.

Wu Kuang would really have been in danger if he hadn’t met Yang Kai here today.

It was also because of this encounter that Wu Kuang faintly felt that his strength was still too low. Although the Black Ink Clan could no longer deploy Royal Lords to the battlefield, they still had plenty of Territory Lords. As a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, Wu Kuang was still a little lacking when facing a Territory Lord.

Only after advancing to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm could he truly act without restraint.

Unfortunately, even with the Heaven Devouring Battle Law, it was not easy to break through to the Eighth Order.

The fact that Yang Kai was already an Eighth-Order Master made him quite envious.