Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5503: To Solve the Problem at Its Source

Universe Worlds were beginning to fall, all of them with Black Ink Nests planted on them. The dense Black Ink Strength permeated throughout the Universe Worlds, transforming countless living beings into Black Ink Disciples.

As Yang Kai and Wu Kuang travelled, what they witnessed and heard shocked them.

Yang Kai would not hesitate to eliminate any targets that could be rapidly removed along the way, but he was not focused on removing those Black Ink Nests.

His current task was more pressing.

After a few days, the two came across a Universe World that had a Black Ink Nest on it. One could tell that it hadn’t been here for long by the sparse Black Ink Strength and by how much of the World Force remained.

Yang Kai examined it and asked, “Now that you also have a World Tree clone to stabilize and protect your Small Universe, do you want to keep some living beings inside? If there are living beings living and breeding in your Small Universe, it can greatly help you with your cultivation.”

Of course, Wu Kuang desired it. The Small Universe of a High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Master had already evolved from immaterial to material, capable of hosting living beings in it; however, owing to how often one would engage in battles, and how detrimental that would be to a Small Universe, few High-Rank Masters would ever raise living beings in their body. With a World Tree clone or one of the Four Universe Pillars to stabilize their Small Universe though, such an option became viable.

The safety of the living beings within Wu Kuang’s Small Universe could only be ensured if it remained unaffected by external shocks.

Wu Kuang already wanted to house some living beings when Yang Kai first handed him the World Tree clone, it was just that he was short on time and had no source of such beings.

Once Yang Kai asked though, he understood what Yang Kai meant and thought that this Brat was quite a good friend for bringing him to a Universe World like this one.

Immediately, he nodded and said, “I’ll go in and look around!”

Saying so, he rushed towards the Universe World.

If Yang Kai and Wu Kuang chose to ignore this Universe World, the living beings within it would all transform into Black Ink Disciples after a few years. This Universe World’s World Force would be completely gone and it would break apart and die soon enough as well.

In this vast Universe, there were countless Universe Worlds like this one.

When Wu Kuang entered the Universe World, he recklessly took in all the living beings he could find. Yang Kai was able to see clearly how Wu Kuang immediately incorporated all of the busy, packed cities of living beings into his Small Universe.

Even the Black Ink Nest and the Black Ink Clan that were plundering this Universe World were not spared.

Wu Kuang’s Heaven Devouring Battle Law could consume everything and anything, so while it might be difficult to take in and resolve Black Ink Strength for others, to Wu Kuang, it was just another method to enrich his heritage.

In less than 10 days, there were no more living beings in this Universe World, they had all been taken into Wu Kuang’s Small Universe.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but feel surprised. Even though this Universe World was fairly small, and it had recently been attacked by the Black Ink Clan, there were still a billion living beings inside. Being able to take in all those people as a mere Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master demonstrated that Wu Kuang’s Small Universe was far from average.

When Wu Kuang returned happily, Yang Kai purged all the Black Ink Strength from this Universe World and began to refine it.

This confused Wu Kuang, “There are no longer living beings in this Universe World and its World Force is also close to being completely depleted. It can’t be saved, so why bother?”

“I have my reasons,” Yang Kai replied.

Without wanting to bother him, Wu Kuang simply sat cross-legged beside him and began to sort the living beings in his Small Universe. Now that he had collected over a billion of them, he had to properly settle them in and provide what they needed to survive otherwise it would be a waste to have taken them in.

Thus, they both worked in silence.

Two days later, Yang Kai refined the Universe World into a World Bead. The only difference from the others that he previously refined was that this one was empty and devoid of any living beings and had barely any vitality.

After informing Wu Kuang, they continued travelling.

Through this adjacent Great Territory, Yang Kai led Wu Kuang into Black Territory.

As expected, there was no trace of the Black Ink Clan here. This Great Territory simply contained an empty void, so the Black Ink Clan would certainly not be interested in it.

The two arrived at the centre of Black Territory after a few days where the Void Corridor connecting to the Black Ink Battlefield was located.

Previously, Yang Kai used this Void Corridor to return to the 3,000 Worlds from the Black Ink Battlefield. He never imagined that a few years later, he would have to return to the Black Ink Battlefield from here. He felt as if fate was playing with him.

After pondering for a while, Yang Kai turned his head and looked at Wu Kuang, “Do you mind entering my Small Universe?”

Since he was in the Eighth Order and Wu Kuang was in the Seventh Order, it would not be a problem for Yang Kai to keep the latter in the Small Universe as doing so would be more convenient for the next leg of their journey. After all, travelling through the Void Corridor involved many dangers. If Wu Kuang needed to be taken care of on top of that, it would be more burdensome for him.

Wu Kuang frowned, “Why?”

Under normal circumstances, cultivators of higher Orders would not allow strangers into their Small Universe unless they had complete faith in one another because if the detained person caused disturbances in their Small Universe, it was very likely that they would also go through serious issues.

Those of lower Order were also apprehensive about entering another’s Small Universe as doing so basically gave the other party control over their life.

Even though he knew that Yang Kai would not harm him, Wu Kuang couldn’t help but ask.

After Yang Kai explained the reason, Wu Kuang nodded, “Why should I be afraid if you’re not.”

“Come on then,” Yang Kai opened up his Small Universe, and Wu Kuang plunged into it without hesitation.

Without Wu Kuang to burden him, Yang Kai manipulated Space Principles and reopened the Void Corridor that he previously shut, flashing into it.

As he travelled forward, Yang Kai closed the path behind him.

This Void Corridor was an unknown route leading to the Black Ink Battlefield, so Yang Kai definitely did not want it to be revealed so easily, as it might come in handy one day.

After some time, Yang Kai eventually made his way through the Void Corridor and returned to the Black Ink Battlefield once again. He then released Wu Kuang from his Small Universe as soon as possible and gave him a stern look, “Bastard! How shameless can you be!?”

Yang Kai’s rage was, however, understandable considering that Wu Kuang, activated his Heaven Devouring Battle Law while being in his Small Universe and devoured some of his heritage while they were travelling through the Void Corridor.

This was simply unacceptable!

Though Yang Kai quickly overpowered and sealed him, Wu Kuang still got a taste.

Faced with Yang Kai’s scolding, Wu Kuang simply chuckled and asked, “Where are we going now?”

Yang Kai only glared at him in response, [Indeed, old ginger is spicier. Shamelessness has already seeped into his bones. If it wasn’t for his value, I would definitely beat him up without mercy.]

Originally, he had intended for Wu Kuang to stay in his Small Universe indefinitely, making it easier for him to travel; however, as a result of what just happened, Yang Kai was no longer confident about keeping this menace.

Luckily, Wu Kuang hadn’t consumed much of his heritage or he wouldn’t have let him off that easily. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

After calming his frustration for a time, Yang Kai grumbled, “Come with me.”

The pair travelled in silence.

Only a few days later, Wu Kuang suddenly realised, “This is the Black Ink Battlefield?”

Despite never having been to the Black Ink Battlefield, he knew a little about it because he used to be a member of the Great Evolution Army in the Barren Territory. There, he hung out with Blood Crow, so he knew that the Human Race were defeated on the Black Ink Battlefield and were forced to retreat to the Barren Territory.

The void was pin-drop silent here, and the Universe Worlds they saw along the journey were all dead, some with traces of mining. Wu Kuang, who was not a fool, recognised this as the Black Ink Battlefield right away.

“En, this is the Black Ink Battlefield!” Yang Kai nodded.

Wu Kuang grew excited at once, “We’re taking the fight to the enemy?”

There was obviously something big waiting for them or Yang Kai wouldn’t bring him to the Black Ink Battlefield for no reason and even give him a World Tree clone as a token of his appreciation.

Wu Kuang believed that all Royal Lords were completely wiped out, and that the two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were restrained; thus, the strongest Black Ink Clansmen around were the Territory Lords.

As Wu Kuang had previously witnessed how strong Yang Kai was, effortlessly able to kill a Territory Lord, he misunderstood and thought Yang Kai had brought him here to raise chaos behind enemy lines.

This was precisely what he wanted. When Yang Kai killed the Territory Lord earlier, he didn’t dare to simply consume the remnant strength since his strength had advanced too quickly over recent years, and he needed to stabilize his cultivation.

But with a World Tree clone, Wu Kuang’s Small Universe had now been completely perfected, and he could even vividly perceive how his World Force was constantly being refined and purified by it. Now that his foundation would consolidate itself all on its own, the more strength he devoured, the better it would be.

Yang Kai glanced at him suddenly, nodded and said, “En, we’re going to solve the problem at its source!”

He didn’t want to explain himself, but secretly hoped that Wu Kuang would not despise him too much as what they were about to face might cost him his life!

The pair flew forward while Yang Kai left a trail of Space Beacons behind.

The placing of Space Beacons could save Yang Kai a lot of time when he returned.

Wu Kuang, who had originally been eagerly anticipating being able to have a sumptuous meal, eventually came to realise that something was wrong as the days passed. They hadn’t even come across a single Black Ink Clansman along the way, only the never-ending void.

After he asked Yang Kai multiple times, the latter simply said that the Black Ink Battlefield was too vast and that the Black Ink Clansmen were all assembled around the No-Return Pass right now; so, the two of them still had a long way to go.

Of course, Wu Kuang had no idea where the No-Return Pass was.

He only heard from others that the No-Return Pass was originally the only route connecting the 3,000 Worlds to the Black Ink Battlefield. Initially, it was guarded by the Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan, but now the Pass had fallen into enemy hands.

Therefore, Wu Kuang could only follow Yang Kai obediently, despite the fact that he still had some doubts in his heart. He also dared not leave on his own since they had already gone far and this place was devoid of anything that could be used as a landmark for him to find his way back.

Anyone unfamiliar with Black Ink Battlefield would undoubtedly become lost in this never-ending void.

It took a few years, but the pair eventually reached the Late Ancient Era battlefield. Wu Kuang immediately realised the dangers of this place and soon after bore witness to the magnificence of the Celestial Phenomena, something that absolutely could not be witnessed in the 3,000 Worlds.

It took his breath away.

The Late Ancient Era Battlefield contained not only the remains of the Late Ancient Era, but also the remnants of the Human Race Army as they retreated from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction hundreds of years ago.

Yang Kai even spotted a lot of shattered Warship debris along the way!

When the Human Race Army was retreating from Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to the No-Return Pass, he was being chased by the sheep-headed Royal Lord, so he did not know how the Human Race Army was defeated while they were evacuating.

However, after viewing the remnants of the battle, he could imagine the valiant struggle of his allies at that time.