Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5506: Go All Out

Wu Kuang didn’t explain the method to him directly; instead, he said slowly as he recalled, “At that time, Cang and the other nine each had their own accomplishments. Even though Mu was the only female among them, she was undoubtedly the strongest. Due to this, the other nine were willing to listen and follow her requests. Let’s not talk about what the other nine are skilled at, do you know what Shi is best at?”

[How would I know anything about something so long ago?] Yang Kai muttered in his heart, but he kept his expression completely neutral and simply shook his head.

Wu Kuang did not intend to keep him waiting and simply explained, “Shi was unmatched when it came to developing techniques. Many Secret Techniques and Arts in the 3,000 Worlds stem from Shi’s creations. For example, the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture cultivated by Blood Crow is a semi-finished product created by Shi, one he came up with when trying to develop the Heaven Devouring Battle Law. Therefore, these two are quite similar. Honestly, what Shi was first deducing was the Blood Light Scripture. It was after he gained more comprehension that the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was created.”

Yang Kai’s heart skipped a beat at those words. The Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture was a magnificent Secret Art, one that could refine the Blood Essence of others for its user to quickly enhance their cultivation.

Previously, he also felt that the Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture had many similarities with the Heaven Devouring Battle Law. Both had the ability to refine the energy of others, but the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was unquestionably superior as it could devour anything and everything rather than just Blood.

Yang Kai had no doubts about Wu Kuang’s claim when he said that Shi was best at deducing and creating Secret Arts and Techniques.

After so many years of cultivation, Yang Kai had never come across any Secret Art superior to the Heaven Devouring Battle Law. Although it had certain limitations, which was the challenge of cultivating it without the Flawless Purifying Golden Lotus, this drawback did not diminish its power.

If even such a Secret Act could be created by Shi, there was absolutely no doubt in his ability to understand or create other Secret Arts.

Yang Kai understood, “Shi came up with a Secret Art to break through to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm back then?”

“It’s more of a combination of a Secret Technique and Secret Art, but yes. Do you want to learn it?” Wu Kuang nodded.

Of course, Yang Kai responded immediately, “Yes!”

“Then, I’ll teach it to you!” Saying so, Wu Kuang stretched out a finger and lightly touched his forehead, just like Yang Kai did before.

Yang Kai did not resist. When Wu Kuang’s finger met his forehead, an abstruse Secret Art instantly appeared in his mind and Wu Kuang’s voice rang in his ears, “This Secret Art was inspired by the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction itself. Although it is considered complete, nobody has ever cultivated it to this day so I’m not sure if it can be successfully used, but if you choose this path, you will have to take responsibility for yourself. Don’t hold me accountable if something goes wrong.”

Yang Kai remained silent as he processed the profundities of this Secret Art and eventually, he understood why Wu Kuang had chosen to give it to him.

This was because he knew that Yang Kai carried the Soul Warming Lotus. Though it was not essential for this Secret Art, it provided great convenience.

There might not be anyone who was better qualified than Yang Kai to cultivate this Secret Art.

Realising this, Yang Kai couldn’t help feeling a little sad. He thought that if this Secret Art could help the Human Race to break through the innate limits of the Open Heaven Realm, it could dramatically increase their strength in short order.

There were numerous peak Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the many Cave Heavens and Paradises, but they were all stuck there due to their natural limits. If this Secret Art could be popularized, many Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could quickly be created.

There were only two Ninth-Orders Old Ancestors currently, but if there were even a few more, it would not take long before the Black Ink Clan that invaded the 3,000 Worlds could be driven back. They might even be able to deal with the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods with just 10 more Ninth-Order Masters.

However, this dream was simply not meant to be; after all, the first step to cultivating this Secret Art was a life-threatening gamble. Without the protection of the Soul Warming Lotus, the risk of simply dying right from the start was extremely high.

Even so, Yang Kai again bowed his head, “Many thanks, Senior, for enlightening me!”

After Wu Kuang received his gratitude, he spun around and hurried into the battlefield. From afar, his voice could be heard, “If the Human Race does not defeat the Black Ink Clan within 3,000 years, our race will face extinction. Brat, you’re on your own now.”

Yang Kai sighed softly as he watched Wu Kuang’s figure vanish into the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Although 3,000 years seemed like a long time, when compared to how long it took for a cultivator to fully mature, it was incredibly short.

Nobody could predict what would occur 3,000 years from now, so the only thing the Humans could do now was to strive to grow stronger!

Soon after, Yang Kai took out a World Bead, the one he refined on the way here. It was from the yet-to-be-destroyed Universe World, which had its living beings extracted by Wu Kuang.

Wu Kuang had no idea what he was doing at that time, trying to refine this Universe World; after all, there didn’t seem to be a point.

Although such a World was falling apart, Yang Kai halted its collapse as he intended to use it as a marker.

He could go from one Universe World to another by using the World Tree as a transit point. If he left this World Bead here, he would undoubtedly save years of arduous travelling when he returned in the future.

The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was a crucial location, and since it was challenging to transmit any news back to the 3,000 Worlds from here. Leaving a World Bead behind in the vicinity would be more convenient for Yang Kai to travel back and forth between in the future.

What’s more, because this Universe World had lost almost all its World Force, it gave off barely aura so it was almost impossible to detect. If Yang Kai had fully restored this Universe World, it might attract the attention of the Black Ink Clan, which could lead to trouble if they visited this place and found out what was going on.

After finding a concealed location, Yang Kai set the World Bead down and attempted to use it to link to the World Tree. Confirming that there was no problem, he felt relieved.

He then turned around instead of going back to the Old Tree, following the direction of the trail of Space Beacons he left on his way here.

When he was coming here, he left a lot of Space Beacons along the way, and with them, he could easily find his way back to the Void Corridor leading to Black Territory.

Three months later, Yang Kai passed through the Spiritless Land and the Late Ancient Era battlefield, arriving at the Void Corridor.

It took him more than 10 years to travel one way, but just three months to return. This was the benefit of the Space Beacons.

Without stopping though, he continued on.

His target was not Black Territory.

Several months later, several majestic Great Passes came into Yang Kai’s vision as he arrived at his destination.

The No-Return Pass!

This was the third time Yang Kai came to the No-Return Pass. The first time he visited here was on orders of Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao to attend the grand ceremony of the Dragon Clan, which helped him to successfully become an Ancient Dragon. It was also during that time that he completely lost his identity as a Human and transformed into a pure-blooded Dragon Clan member.

The second time was to bring Ou Yang Lie and the group of remnant soldiers to the Barren Territory. During that time, Yang Kai had taken out the corpse of Azure Void Pass’ Old Ancestor and the Black Ox to fight against the Royal Lord. To this day, the words of the Black Ox, ‘Go quickly. Niu Niu will stop them’, still rung in his ears.

This was the third time.

This time, Yang Kai came for no other reason than to raise havoc.

The No-Return Pass, the only publicly known passage connecting the Black Ink Battlefield to the 3,000 Worlds, was originally guarded by the Dragon and Phoenix Clans. Now, it had been taken over by the Black Ink Clan, who made this place into their central base of operations. When the Black Ink Clan and the Humans were battling on the Barren Territory battlefield, it was from here that the Black Ink Clan sent reinforcements and supplies, but Yang Kai put a stop to that after he sealed the Territory Gate.

When he came here last time, Yang Kai discovered that there were many High-Rank Black Ink Nests and even more Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests.

In the present 3,000 Worlds and in every Great Territory, countless Black Ink Nests were planted on the many Universe Worlds.

The majority of them were Low-Rank Black Ink Nests, and these nests were capable of devouring the World Force of those Universe Worlds and enveloping them in Black Ink Strength.

Of course, Yang Kai could easily destroy a couple Low-Rank Black Ink Nests, but going around to each individual Universe World to do so was far too inefficient. Instead, he intended to solve the issue at its roots.

There was an intrinsic connection between lower Rank Black Ink Nests and the Black Ink Nest it was spawned from. The lower Rank nests simply could not survive without the higher Rank nest it belonged to. Subsequently, destroying one High-Rank Black Ink Nest was far better than squashing 100 Low-Rank Nests.

Once a High-Rank Black Ink Nest was destroyed, the Mid-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Nests spawned from it would all wither and die.

Yang Kai decided to go all out!

His targets this time were those High-Rank Black Ink Nests.

No matter how many Mid-Rank and Low-Rank Black Ink Nests were destroyed, the Black Ink Clan could replace them eventually with enough resources. On the other hand, since the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had been shut and Mo was now in a deep slumber, the number of High-Rank Black Ink Nests was fixed. Destroying one High-Rank Nest would mean there was permanently one less High-Rank Nest.

If all those High-Rank Black Ink Nests could be destroyed, no new Black Ink Clansman could be born.

Of course, Yang Kai was well aware that this was unrealistic as there was a Royal Lord guarding the No-Return Pass. As an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he could easily cause chaos, but to destroy every single High-Rank Black Ink Nest was impossible.

The best he could do was to destroy as many as possible.

Outside the No-Return Pass, numerous Great Passes could be seen hovering the void. These Great Passes had been smashed and broken, some were even completely destroyed, all bearing traces of battle between mighty Masters.

However, many of them were still partially intact.

All of these were left behind when the Human Race Army retreated as due to the incredible mass of each Great Pass, they could not be stored inside a Small Universe easily, not even the Small Universe of an Old Ancestor.

This was humiliating for the Human Race!

Furthermore, many Universe Fragments were floating outside the No-Return Pass. Those Universe Fragments were undoubtedly remnants of Universe Worlds that had been dragged back here from various locations on the Black Ink Battlefield by the Black Ink Clan.

There were some Universe Fragments here when Yang Kai last visited, but there were many more today, which should be the result of the Black Ink Clan’s action.

Whether it was the Great Passes left by the Human Race or the many Universe Fragments though, they were all covered in Black Ink Nests.

Countless Black Ink Clansmen flooded in and out of these Black Ink Nests, delivering resources that had been mined from various places. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The entire No-Return Pass was bustling.

For several days, Yang Kai kept a quiet vigil but failed to locate the Royal Lord.

Both the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan had lost almost all of their top Masters. Every Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master save for two had fallen on the Barren Territory battlefield to bring down all but two Royal Lords.

Thanks to the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer, one more Royal Lord was dead, so currently, only one remained.