Chapter 5515: Profound Nether Territory

Even though Mo had reached the Creation Realm, splitting off three Soul Clones were still immensely taxing on it. Furthermore, it was also affected by the trump card Mu had left behind back then and thus fell into a deep slumber.

[2,000 to 5,000 years…]

Yang Kai silently pondered to himself. 2,000 years from now, he would have to make regular trips to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to check on the situation as Wu Kuang had no way of getting the word out if something happened there.

As Yang Kai was deep in thought, Mo grew impatient and started urging, “It’s your turn.”

Yang Kai chuckled and did not speak; however, with a quick flash of a certain Secret Technique, large amounts of pure Black Ink Strength poured out of Mo’s wound, which Yang Kai then absorbed and refined.

Mo’s expression hardened, “Shi! It’s you!”

The Heaven Devouring Battle Law was unique, so it went without saying that Mo recognized it at once. What’s more, there was only one person in this world who could use the Heaven Devouring Battle Law, the one who created it!

Yang Kai stopped using the Heaven Devouring Battle Law almost immediately, a faint smile lingering on his face as he remained quiet.

He noticed that Mo seemed to fear Shi, and after giving it some thought, it made sense to him. The Heaven Devouring Battle Law could refine anything, including Black Ink Strength, which made things difficult for Mo too.

As it was, Shi’s efforts back then greatly contributed to the reason why the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction managed to restrict Mo all these years. He kept devouring Black Ink Strength and refining it to weaken Mo.

Among Cang and the others, Mo showed the most respect to Mu, but the one it was most afraid of was Shi.

“I can’t believe you’re still alive…” Mo stared at Yang Kai incredulously.

Yang Kai remained silent with a faint smile on his face.

Meanwhile, over in Wind Mist Territory, Xiao Xiao and Wu Qing, the two Ninth-Order Old Ancestors, exchanged glances with puzzled looks on their faces. They knew about the situation in the Barren Territory, but they had no idea what the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was prattling about.

Who was Shi? One of the ten that included Cang? What did Yang Kai have to do with this person called Shi?

Although the two Human Ninth-Order Masters could not figure out what was happening, the fact that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was noticeably disturbed was great news to them. They quickly formed hand seals to strengthen their Secret Techniques, and in the next breath, more runes began creeping up the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s arm towards its shoulder. The symbols turned into large chains which were about to lock up its entire torso.

Mo snapped out of its reverie and swiftly countered.

Immobilising one of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s arms was already the most that the two Ninth-Order Old Ancestors could achieve, and while they managed to make a move while Mo was distracted, their efforts were neutralized as soon as it fought back.

All at once, the glowing runes began flickering, sometimes advancing, other times retreating.

Yang Kai saw what was going on and he swiftly growled, “Stop being so stubborn, Mo!”

Then, with a wave of his hand, a highly concentrated wave of Purifying Light launched straight at Mo. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Wherever the light passed, the darkness receded. The pure light entered the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s wounds next in an attempt to move through its body.

Mo let out a series of roars, and Black Ink Strength gushed out once more to fend off the Purifying Light.

The two lights, one bright and one dark, tangled together as they clashed and neutralized one another.

Yang Kai did not use his Small Stone Race soldiers this time as there was no reason for him to do so. Unlike the situation back at the No-Return Pass, Mo was a sitting duck here and could not move at all. All Yang Kai had to do was extract power from the Yellow and Blue Crystals in his Small Universe and merge them into Purifying Light.

Back at the No-Return Pass, using the Small Stone Race Army to confront a Royal Lord was a surefire way to catch the other party off-guard, but the Small Stone Race provided a great advantage, and Yang Kai did not want to sacrifice them unless absolutely necessary.

The dazzling white light continued to flow out, depleting massive quantities of Yellow and Blue Crystals.

Yang Kai was not in a position to feel bad about using them now though. In any case, if he ran out, he could just go ask Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan for more.

He had never used Purifying Light this way before.

The two lights continued their struggle in the void, but despite giving it his all, Yang Kai failed to break through the Black Ink Strength’s blockade; it was as if the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had endless strength.

Thanks to Yang Kai’s efforts though, Xiao Xiao and Wu Qing, the two Ninth-Order Old Ancestors in Wind Mist Territory immediately felt the pressure they were facing lighten. While they did not know what Yang Kai did, they could tell that he managed to draw most of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s focus to himself.

The two Ninth-Order Masters naturally did not hold back. World Force flowed freely as they worked together, and soon, the chains around the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s arm became a lot stronger.

This showdown lasted for almost an hour, which was long enough that two mountains’ worth of Yellow and Blue Crystals in Yang Kai’s Small Universe were expended. Even the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks on the back of his hands became burning hot.

Initially, Yang Kai had hoped that he could get rid of this Black Ink Giant Spirit God by using Purifying Light, but now that he tried it out for himself, he realised just how much of a dream that was.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s aura did weaken slightly, but by Yang Kai’s estimate, even if he used up all of his Yellow and Blue Crystals, it would still be insufficient to vanquish this opponent for good.

Moreover, if things carried on like this, Yang Kai could not be sure whether his Great Sun and Great Moon Marks could hold out. The burning sensation on the back of his hands was getting stronger and it felt as if his hands were about to explode.

Still, his actions were not futile. At the very least, with his help, the two Human Ninth-Order Masters managed to further suppress the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

Yang Kai figured this attack would take the Black Ink Giant Spirit God at least 100 years to recover from.

[Perhaps I should come by now and then, to ease the burden of the two Old Ancestors…] Yang Kai thought to himself.

Since he could not get rid of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God for good, he did not persist any longer. He withdrew his two marks and stopped drawing strength from the Yellow and Blue Crystals.

The dazzling white light lingered for a moment longer before being completely enveloped by Black Ink Strength.

Yang Kai looked over at the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, whose expression was gloomy. Darkness swirled around the giant figure that was undoubtedly furious.

It could have attacked Yang Kai if it had not been immobilised, but after a moment of silence, Mo simply asked, “Who did you send to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction?”

Mo was still hung up on this question.

Yang Kai could not be bothered to entertain the Black Ink Giant Spirit God and instead turned towards the passage as he called out, “Old Ancestors, rest assured, the Human Race won’t lose!”

He originally wanted to head over to Wind Mist Territory to check on the two Ninth-Order Old Ancestors, but he did not need to anymore.

With the two of them together, it was unlikely that the Black Ink Clan would try to stir up trouble with them, so there was no reason to be worried about their safety for the moment.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao’s voice replied, “Go ahead! As long as Wu Qing and I are still alive, this Black Ink Giant Spirit God won’t be able to leave the Barren Territory!”

Yang Kai nodded before smirking at the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, “Stay strong, Mo. I’ll come back and see you in a few years.”

Mo glared at Yang Kai in fury without saying anything as it recognized this blatant threat!

Yet, it could not do anything about it.

Yang Kai laughed before his figure flickered and flew off.

Two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were held up inside the Barren Territory, and the only Royal Lord alive was standing guard over the No-Return Pass. Thus, the strongest Masters among the Black Ink Clan now were merely Innate Territory Lords.

The Humans suffered heavy casualties throughout the many years of crusades, but the Black Ink Clan fared no better. Many of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters had readily chosen to sacrifice their lives for the sake of clearing the way for the next generation. Their sacrifice had given the Human Race a chance to grow stronger. The younger generation would inherit the responsibility of the older generation, and all would work selflessly towards their common goal.

Such was the Human Race’s determination!

With such Will, how could they possibly lose?

Furthermore, Yang Kai now had two World Tree clones with him. If he could find a suitable place to plant them, the Humans would then have two more Star Boundaries.

In the future, the 3,000 Worlds would surely belong to the Human Race!

There would come a time when the Black Ink Clan was completely wiped out, and order would be restored from chaos!

Yang Kai firmly believed this and was eagerly anticipating that day’s arrival.

…..

Profound Nether Territory was one of the dozen or so frontline Great Territories where the Humans were now fighting the Black Ink Clan. This Great Territory was named for Profound Nether Sect, a Second Class Great Force.

In the 3,000 Worlds, Profound Nether Sect was not a prominent one. In fact, it was not even as powerful as the Profound Abundant Sect that Yang Kai went to previously. The Profound Abundant Sect once had two Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters among their ranks, but Profound Nether Sect only had one Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

However, based on the way the great forces in the 3,000 Worlds were classified, Profound Nether Sect was considered a Second Class great force and thus had the right to claim hegemony over a Great Territory.

If a Sect did not possess sufficient strength, then the Great Territory that belonged to that Sect would not be much either. Although there were quite a number of Universe Worlds within Profound Nether Territory, few were suitable for Human inhabitation, and those that were did not have very flourishing Martial Daos.

Second Class Great Force was a general term, and there was a wide disparity between those that fell under this classification. The top Second Class great forces would all have multiple Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, while the weakest of the Second Class great forces might only have one Fourth-Order Master.

Strong Great Forces naturally claimed the best Great Territories, so the weaker ones could only choose the places that few others wanted as their base.

Now that Profound Nether Territory was one of the frontline territories in the war against the Black Ink Clan though, the Human Race had deployed over a million Masters to this Great Territory.

This was an alarming number as the over a million fighters were all Open Heaven Realm Masters. Anyone below the Open Heaven Realm was simply not capable of fighting the Black Ink Clan and did not enter the battlefield. Even if a few over-eager Emperor Realm cultivators tried to force their way in, they would only end up becoming meaningless sacrifices.

On the Black Ink Battlefield, there were usually 30,000 – 40,000 soldiers posted at each Great Pass, all of them Fifth-Order Masters and above, which was simply incomparable to the grand Human Army in Profound Nether Territory.

Now that the Black Ink Clan launched a full-scale invasion of the 3,000 Worlds though, the Order requirement for Open Heaven Realm Masters fighting back was not as strict as it was once. Even First-Order and Second-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could join the battlefield to kill the enemy if they volunteered to.

Naturally, this decision came with its own set of risks as well. The lower the cultivator’s Order was, the easier it was for Black Ink Strength to corrupt them and turn them into Black Ink Disciples, which would only benefit the enemy.

However, Purifying Black Ink Pills greatly decreased the chances of this happening. As long as a Purifying Black Ink Pill was consumed before one fought the Black Ink Clan, then before the medicinal efficacies wore off, even First-Order and Second-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters would not be corrupted by Black Ink Strength.

While this meant that the demand for Purifying Black Ink Pill ballooned, it was still good that more cultivators could join the fight.

As of now, the Human Race were mainly focusing on defending against the Black Ink Clan’s onslaught, unable to go on the offence.

This was the same across all the Great Territory battlefields.

Here at Profound Nether Territory, the Humans’ forward outpost was set up right in front of the rear Territory Gate. This way, it was convenient for them to guard the Territory Gate and prevent the Black Ink Clan from sneaking through. Apart from that, in the event of a defeat, the Human Army in Profound Nether Territory could still retreat through the Territory Gate and avoid being completely wiped out.

It could not be denied that such an arrangement had been done with a sense of sorrow and helplessness.