Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5519: I’m Back

The cultivators onboard this Warship were all women with not a single man in sight. They were a true female army, and most of them had intimate relationships with Yang Kai.

Earlier on, he rushed over because he sensed their auras.

All at once, Yang Kai’s heart was flooded with yearning. His mind raced with all that he longed to say to them, but in the end, all he said was a simple greeting, “I’m back!”

Yes, he was back.

It had been around 1,000 years since he left Black Territory, and now, he was finally back. It was nearly 5,000 years since then if he included the time he spent in the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon.

While it was a pity that he did not return triumphant, at least he was back!

Yang Kai dreamt of this moment countless times during the crusade against the Black Ink Clan on the Black Ink Battlefield, and at last, his dream had come true.

Yu Ru Meng immediately rushed forward in agitation and Yang Kai opened his arms as he waited for her to fly into his embrace…

However, the Charm Demon Saint simply brushed past Yang Kai and sent forth a Divine Ability that battered the fleeing Black Ink Clan soldiers in the distance.

Yu Ru Meng’s cultivation had reached the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm now!

“Enough of that nonsense. Our priority now is to kill the enemy!”

Yang Kai wore the most awkward expression possible as he stood frozen on the spot with his hands outstretched.

This was not what he had been expecting!

[It has been 1,000 years since your Husband left. Now that he’s back, shouldn’t you all be crying tears of joy and throwing yourselves at me? Shouldn’t we be enjoying the sorely missed warmth and loving embrace? What’s going on? Why are you ignoring my presence instead?]

Meanwhile, Su Yan and Ji Yao who were in front of him were frozen as well. Their eyes reddened, but before they could say anything, Yu Ru Meng called out firmly, “Su Yan, Yao’er, Luo’er, come with me. Yue’er, Hua Shang, Wan’er, Qing’er, you all will form a team as well! Proceed with caution!”

The women’s expressions became solemn when they heard this and the others swiftly rushed forward as the eight women formed two groups before charging out of the Warship.

They formed two Four Symbols Formations, which was the simplest Battle Formation that was commonly used on the Black Ink Battlefield as all it required was sufficient numbers in the same Order. Yang Kai had also used this Battle Formation with other Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters from Dawn on occasion. While it was a simple Battle Formation, it allowed the cultivators to cover each other’s backs and combine their strengths. Thus, it was incredibly useful in the chaos of the battlefield.

There were only 10 people onboard the Warship, so now that eight of them left, only two remained.

“Greetings, Sect Master!” Luan Bai Feng, one of the last two, bowed elegantly.

Yang Kai nodded with the sternness that befitted his position as the Sect Master and waved his hand, “At ease.”

Alas, it seemed his subordinates were more reliable…

As for the Madams… They seemed to be showing signs of rebellion. However, Yang Kai could understand their reactions; after all, he did basically abandon them for 1,000 years. It was not surprising that they were upset about it.

These women had every reason to react the way they did.

“Young Master…” Yue He called out with a choked voice.

Yang Kai walked over and stroked her head with a smile, “Good. You’re a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master now. I see that you didn’t neglect your cultivation.”

Yue He was not the only one who was now in the Seventh Order; in fact, all 10 women aboard this Warship were in the Seventh Order!

It was not unexpected in the case of Yue He and Luan Bai Feng. They were already in the Sixth Order when Yang Kai left, and during this time, neither Void Land nor High Heaven Palace lacked the resources for cultivation. There was also a World Tree clone in the Star Boundary as well. For those in the Open Heaven Realm like Yue He and Luan Bai Feng, the clone’s feedback effects did not give them any boost to their innate talent, but the environment still boosted their cultivation speed.

Yu Ru Meng and Yang Kai’s other Wives had directly become Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, and a number had even become Disciples of Ancestors from the Cave Heavens and Paradises. Naturally, their cultivation would rapidly increase since they did not lack the resources or guidance they needed.

This team of 10 consisted entirely of people Yang Kai trusted implicitly, so it was clear that someone had arranged this on purpose.

No other Squad could possess such a luxurious lineup. If 10 Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters joined forces, they were even able to face off against a Territory Lord for some time.

This was probably the reason why none of these women showed any signs of serious injury.

Of course, there was another reason for this as well. Their Warship was a little unique, and Yang Kai sensed it as soon as he came over.

Based on age alone, Yue He was much older than Yang Kai; after all, she had already been a veteran Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master when she first met him.

However, the moment Yang Kai stroked her head, she could not stop her tears from flowing as she stared at him with a teary-eyed smile.

“Kill!” Yu Ru Meng shouted fiercely from in front of the Warship. She did not hold back at all as she mercilessly slaughtered the Black Ink Clan.

[Smelly man! How can he still be getting all sentimental at a time like this? Does he not know the meaning of the word ‘death’?!]

Yang Kai bowed, “Senior, you must’ve had a hard time all these years. Many thanks for your care.”

The Warship trembled slightly as an old voice rang out with a slightly teasing tone, “This Old Master didn’t have to do much. You’re the one… who must work hard from now on.”

This was not a true Warship but rather one of Bi Xi’s Soul Clones.

Naturally, this clone did not possess the full strength of Bi Xi’s true body, but it was similar in strength to a veteran Seventh-Order Master, so it was not weak by any means.

Furthermore, Bi Xi was most proficient in defence. It would not be easy for Yu Ru Meng and the rest to encounter any form of trouble as they had the protection of such a Warship.

These 10 Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were paired with one of Bi Xi’s Soul Clones, and this combination was enough for them to fear nothing on the battlefield if they did not target the Innate Territory Lords.

Yang Kai did not know who the Commanders were for the Army here, but it had to be people who were well acquainted with him and knew about his importance. That was why they made these special arrangements for his family.

Thus, Yang Kai made a note of the favour they had done for him.

Yang Kai then turned around and said, “We’ll catch up later. Please take over, Senior!”

That was all Yang Kai said before he rushed out in a flash. He did not focus on helping Yu Ru Meng and the others and instead charged forward with his spear in hand.

Under the looming shadow of this spear, the Black Ink Clan who were trying to flee were shredded like paper. Occasionally, some would survive the onslaught from Yang Kai, but Yu Ru Meng and the others who were following behind would easily deal with them.

The Human Race Army and the Small Stone Race both chased down the retreating Black Ink Clan, turning the once-contested battlefield into a meat grinder filled with mournful screams and furious roars.

“Withdraw!” All of a sudden, a piercing call echoed across the battlefield.

The Humans, who had been fervently hunting down their enemies, finally stopped. They could not continue chasing down the Black Ink Clan anymore, lest they stretch themselves too thin and suffer serious losses from a sudden counterattack. Still, they had already dealt a crushing blow to the Black Ink Clan Army in Profound Nether Territory, making this a triumphant victory.

They could not destroy the Black Ink Clan in one blow, and if they forced the Black Ink Clan into fighting back out of desperation, the Humans would also suffer greatly. Thus, withdrawing after gaining some benefits was the optimal strategy.

Yu Ru Meng and the others swiftly returned to the Warship, all of them breathing heavily and covered in sweat with visible streaks of blood on their clothes. It was evident that they had suffered some injuries in this battle.

No one could guarantee that they would remain unscathed in the chaos of the battlefield as accidents would always happen.

Yang Kai did not return to the Warship right away and instead used his Great Sun and Great Moon Marks to gather the surviving Small Stone Race Army first before rejoining the others. However, no one paid any attention to him. Yue He wanted to talk to him, but a glare from Yu Ru Meng forced her to remain still.

[Haa… All is not well within the family!] Yang Kai lamented to himself as he watched these women sitting down cross-legged, none of them showing any signs of wanting to talk to him. He could not help but miss his gentlest Little Senior Sister.

[If Little Senior Sister was here, she wouldn’t ignore me like this…]

Although he did not see Xia Ning Chang, he knew that she would not be here on the battlefield as her specialty was not fighting. Alchemy was her strong suit.

The Human Race Army’s need for all kinds of Spirit Pills was enormous, so Alchemists like Little Senior Sister had to remain behind in safety to refine Spirit Pills for those on the frontlines.

The Human Race could not afford to lose such talents, so the higher-ups would never allow them to join the battlefield unless there was no other choice.

As the Army retreated, numerous Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters passed by, but they merely nodded to Yang Kai in greeting and showed no intention of coming over.

It was clear that they knew what Yang Kai’s relationship with the women on this Warship was. Since it was his first time reuniting with them, he would have a lot to talk about with his Madams. They were not obtuse enough to disturb him now.

However, they were also puzzled by what they saw. Something was amiss about the atmosphere on the Warship. While there was no fighting, it felt as if the Warship was a frigid purgatory, causing many of them to shudder lightly…

They were also secretly exclaiming over the luck Yang Kai had with love, for he had so many Wives who were all High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters. They were truly envious of him.

Bi Xi’s quiet chuckle sounded, as if he was enjoying the show. Luan Bai Feng was also glancing around at the others as she stood by the side. She was the only outsider among this group, but she did not treat herself as one. Instead, she was taking in the strange atmosphere in amusement.

Everyone else was tending to their injuries; thus, Yang Kai joined them awkwardly by sitting down cross-legged and stuffing a fistful of Spirit Pills into his mouth. He looked like an injured animal who was quietly licking his wounds, making for a pitiful sight.

Yue He felt a pang in her heart, but before she could do anything, Yu Ru Meng’s eyes flashed open and shot her a glare.

Yue He sighed. Although her heart ached for her Young Master, Madame Ru Meng seemed to want to teach him a lesson, and it was best for her to stay out of these family issues.

She knew that all the other Madams followed Yu Ru Meng’s leadership and would go along with what she decided.

After thinking about it, Yue He figured that it was probably a good thing to teach her Young Master a lesson so that he would not keep running around all the time. Previously, it was a little better as he only left for a few decades at most, which could not be considered long for cultivators of their Realm. Plus, regardless of where he was, he was still within the 3,000 Worlds back then. However, this time, he left for around 1,000 years and had gone to an extremely dangerous place, constantly putting his life at risk.

Amid the void, people were cleaning up the battlefield and retrieving the bodies of the fallen soldiers. This was done in silence as sorrow and grief spread through the area.

While Yang Kai tended to his injuries, he checked with Bi Xi about the Humans’ current situation.

After the battle at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, Yang Kai spent several centuries running around without even stopping for a moment. He did not partake in the battles at the No-Return Pass and the Barren Territory either; therefore, he knew nothing about the Human Race’s present state.

Now that he was back, the first thing he wanted to do was get some information.

Bi Xi kept nothing from him.

A long conversation later, Yang Kai had the gist of what happened with the Human Race in recent years.

Back when the Black Ink Clan broke through the passage between the Barren Territory and Wind Mist Territory, the Human Race began withdrawing and evacuating with their end destination being High Heaven Territory where the Star Boundary was located.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com