Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5545 - 5545, There Are Five Other Territory Lords!?

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Impudence!” One of the Territory Lords was livid. [How dare a mere pair of Humans in the Seventh and Sixth-Order block our way just because they have the support of mysterious Secret Techniques?]

Even if they did not dare to confront the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master from earlier, how could they fail to defeat a Seventh-Order and a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters?

Just as they were about to unleash a barrage of ruthless attacks, a Warship emerged from behind the Flowing Time Temple and Zhao Ya’s beautiful figure charged out. With an ice-cold expression on her face, she unleashed a barrage of spear shadows that pierced forward with an indomitable spirit.

To her left, the honest-looking Zhao Ye Bai channelled Space Principles into the spear, causing it to become even more blurred and unpredictable. From the right, Time Principles surged and gathered around Xu Yi’s body before he channelled them into Zhao Ya’s spear like Zhao Ye Bai had.

Instantly, Time Principles merged with Space Principles to form a brand-new form of strength.

The three Disciples were highly accomplished in their respective cultivation, and even though each of them had inherited a different Grand Dao from Yang Kai, the long years they spent together gave them an innate understanding and familiarity with each other’s strengths. In turn, this allowed them to work together and achieve the perfect combination attack. This was a Secret Technique that the three of them developed to merge their strengths and defeat more powerful enemies.

The burst of power unleashed by these three Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters was comparable to the attack of an ordinary Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master. Furthermore, the spear technique had a clear semblance to the one Yang Kai had used.

The two Territory Lords were horrified. Yang Kai’s Sun and Moon Divine Wheel had injured them earlier, and the Space-Time Strength from that attack lingered around their bodies even now. Therefore, it came as a great shock for the combined attack of these three Seventh-Order Humans to contain a trace of that same mysterious Space-Time Strength.

[These three must be related to that Eighth-Order Master from earlier! They are most likely Master and Disciples!]

They immediately made a swift decision in their hearts and unleashed a barrage of ruthless attacks. Under the effect of the violently surging Black Ink Strength, Zhao Ya, Zhao Ye Bai, and Xu Yi convulsed as though struck by lightning. Their complexions turned deathly pale in an instant, and they each spat out a mouthful of blood.

Without waiting for the enemy to strike again, Zhao Ye Bai made a decisive move, wrapping his Space Principles around his Junior Brother and Junior Sister, then forcefully teleporting them 100,000 kilometres away. The Secret Technique unleashed by one of the Territory Lords blasted out only to hit empty space. Nevertheless, the fallout still swept over the trio and sent them flying even further away.

At that moment, three more figures rushed out from behind the surging Black Ink Strength. One of them was a small Stone Man. Leaping through the Black Ink Cloud, he hammered his chest with his fists and gave a deafening roar. At the same time, his small body swelled rapidly and abruptly transformed into a towering giant.

Divine Spirit, Tai Yue!

Xiao Xiao swiped at the two Territory Lords but failed to grab them in his hands, though the reckless effort caused countless broken pieces of rock to tumble down his massive arms.

This attack was followed up by a piercing Phoenix Cry as a scorching flame spread across the void. A Fire Phoenix emerged out of nowhere and opened its mouth to spew burning flames towards the two Territory Lords, warping the surrounding space with the intensity of their heat.

Qiong Qi also charged forward, his figure darting about as his claws slashed out.

Aboard the Bi Xi Battleship, Xiao Hong and Xiao Hei used various Secret Techniques to bombard the enemy from range, while even Bi Xi’s Soul Clone charged forward menacingly.

The two Territory Lords were absolutely incensed now.

This annoying band had hit them with a rapid succession of attacks, and as a result, they did not have time to catch their breath, annoying them greatly. Under normal circumstances, these attacks would not have fazed this pair in the slightest, but what was the current situation? They were desperately fleeing for their lives with two Eighth-Order Masters and two incredibly powerful Warships chasing after them. If they did not escape now, they would soon follow in the footsteps of their three other companions.

“Scram!” One of the Territory Lords roared, causing a violent force to spread out in all directions.

Xiao Xiao, Liu Yan, Qiong Qi, and even Bi Xi’s Soul Clone were instantly sent flying and became dizzy from the impact.

Although none of them were weak, there was still a significant gap between them and an Innate Territory Lord; hence, the all-out assault of the Territory Lords wiped out all their attacks in an instant and even struck them hard.

Nevertheless, that was enough.

In the brief moment their Squad held back these two Territory Lords, Yang Kai, Feng Ying, Dawning Light, and the other Bi Xi Battleship arrived and immediately surrounded the two Territory Lords from all sides.

A huge battle immediately broke out with countless Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities blasted forth. Groans of pain could be heard among the numerous explosions as this confrontation was an all-out life-and-death battle where no one held anything back.

All of a sudden, a hole opened in the encirclement. The two Territory Lords did not hesitate to seize the opportunity and escape through the gap. One of them fled so swiftly that he was a mere dot on the horizon in the blink of an eye. Even Yang Kai failed to stop his escape. On the other hand, the second Territory Lord was one step slower and Yang Kai’s spear swept towards him before he could rush through the opening.

“Stay behind!”

A violent force erupted, forcing the Territory Lord to retreat helplessly in a fit of anger and frustration. He was instantly surrounded again.

Yang Kai did not waste his time on this Territory Lord and hastily sent a Divine Sense transmission to Feng Ying, “I’ll leave things here to you!”

Then, he chased after the Territory Lord who fled earlier.

With the combination of Feng Ying, Dawn, Yu Ru Meng’s Squad, and the group of little ones, they were enough to compete against this Territory Lord. Besides, Yang Kai did not expect them to kill him, just keep him trapped here. He was going to kill the escaped Territory Lord first, then return to deal with the last one.

Space Principles fluctuated wildly as Yang Kai quickly closed in on the escaped Territory Lord; however, his expression changed drastically before he could attack the other party. At the edge of his Divine Sense’s perception range, he detected five mighty auras approaching rapidly from afar.

[There are five more Territory Lords here!?] Yang Kai was thoroughly shocked.

He had initially assumed that the five Territory Lords he encountered were the main force of the Black Ink Clan in Acacia Territory. Even if the five Territory Lords did not make up the entire force, they should account for most of it; after all, there were only so many Territory Lords so they could not be mobilised easily. Who could have known that there would actually be 10 Territory Lords here? Yang Kai never even dreamed that Mo Na Ye, the Territory Lord who oversaw Acacia Territory, would think so highly of him.

After learning that Yang Kai had left Profound Nether Territory and might be heading to Acacia Territory, Mo Na Ye immediately called for reinforcements, but the five Territory Lords who came were extremely unlucky. Before they could meet up with Mo Na Ye, they encountered Yang Kai along the way. As a result, three of them were dead and the other two were wounded.

While Yang Kai was stunned, Mo Na Ye was on the verge of spitting blood.

If Mo Na Ye could gather the strength of 10 Territory Lords, then Yang Kai would not have been able to cause much trouble regardless of his immense strength. Information about Yang Kai came from Profound Nether Territory, and after analysing it, Mo Na Ye did not hesitate to double the number of Territory Lords for this mission. Unfortunately, the five Territory Lords who came as reinforcements seemed to be rather ignorant about Yang Kai; otherwise, they would not have suffered such heavy casualties.

As soon as Mo Na Ye detected the traces of battle in this direction, he immediately led the four other Territory Lords over to provide support. He did not bother to bring any of his subordinates as, in a battle of this level, anybody who was not a Territory Lord would only end up dead.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

It was a pity that the commotion caused by the death of the third Territory Lord spread out before they could arrive. There were now just two Territory Lords from their reinforcements left!

From a distance, Mo Na Ye could see the distressed figure of the fleeing Territory Lord.

Yang Kai’s appearance was just as miserable as the fleeing Territory Lord, but the death of the latter’s three companions left him with no courage to fight back alone. Who knows whether this Human was deliberately acting weak to seek an opportunity to kill him?

Upon detecting the auras of Mo Na Ye and the other Territory Lords, the fleeing Territory Lord was overjoyed and rushed towards them with all his might.

“Protect your Soul!” Mo Na Ye shouted a warning hastily.

According to initial speculations, the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master named Yang Kai had a Secret Technique that could severely injure his opponent’s Soul in an instant, allowing him to finish a one-on-one battle against a Territory Lord in a single move. Faced with an enemy like Yang Kai, it was vital for them to protect their Souls in order to survive.

The fleeing Territory Lord was no fool, so after hearing Mo Na Ye’s warning, he recalled the scenes of his three companions’ deaths earlier. Realisation struck him suddenly, and he quickly surged his Spiritual Energy to protect his Soul.

[Bastard!] Yang Kai cursed in his heart.

It would seem that he had used his Soul Rending Thorns too many times, which caused the Territory Lords to notice the flaw in this method. This was within his expectations though. Although the Soul Rending Thorn itself was practically invisible once activated, the large fluctuation of Spiritual Energy could not be hidden from those who were paying attention.

Not only did he use his Soul Rending Thorns to consecutively kill so many Territory Lords, he also activated this Secret Technique right in front of the Royal Lord at the No-Return Pass. If the Black Ink Clan failed to notice anything after so long, then something must be wrong with their heads.

It was just that the Soul Rending Thorns were extremely overpowering because they were fueled by the sacrifice of part of Yang Kai’s Soul. Even if the Territory Lords defended themselves, they could not block out the effects completely.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai no longer had the confidence to swiftly slaughter this fleeing Territory Lord. If he could not kill his opponent in one move, then his opponent would only need to restrain him for a moment before the other five Territory Lords arrived as reinforcements. Once that happened, the one stuck in an unfavourable situation would be him.

After a moment of hesitation, Yang Kai thrust out his spear one last time before turning around without looking back. Since he could not slay his enemy, he decided to give up. Besides, there was another Territory Lord who was trapped behind him. Killing that Territory Lord would be good enough.

The fleeing Territory Lord guarded his Soul carefully after receiving Mo Na Ye’s warning, but contrary to his expectations, it was Yang Kai’s spear that stabbed forward and made a mess of his back. He cursed angrily in his heart, not knowing whether to thank Mo Na Ye or scold him.

Mo Na Ye roared from the distance, “Stop him!”

How could he bear to watch Yang Kai escape? Three Territory Lords had been killed in such a short time, so it would be difficult for him to explain the situation to the higher-ups if they failed to kill Yang Kai here.

Unfortunately, they were still some distance away; as such, he could only call out to the lone Territory Lord who was being chased by Yang Kai.

That Territory Lord naturally ignored Mo Na Ye. It had not been easy for him to escape alive, so his top priority was to join up with his allies as quickly as possible. Staying alive was his primary objective now. If he turned around and pursued Yang Kai instead, he might find himself in a precarious situation if the latter was forced into a corner. Mo Na Ye and the others would not be able to rescue him in time.

A short while later, the six Territory Lords gathered together and Mo Na Ye was practically spitting fire from his eyes. Glaring fiercely at the Territory Lord who looked scared after narrowly escaping death, he roared, “You Gong, are you deaf!? I told you to stop him!”

The Territory Lord called You Gong sneered coldly in response, “If I had tried to stop him, I’d be dead by now!”

[It’s because you didn’t see how easily he killed the others that you can even say something so stupid! If you saw what I saw back there, you’d run even faster than I did!]

Mo Na Ye ground his teeth in frustration; nonetheless, now was not the time to quarrel among themselves. There was still the aura of another Territory Lord coming from up ahead and they had to rescue him as soon as possible, or it would be too late.

“Follow him!” He shouted before leading the other five Territory Lords and rushing forward.

On the other side, the trapped Territory Lord was filled with rage. The people who had trapped him in this place could not be considered very strong. There was only one Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master among them, and she was clearly not his opponent at all.

Unfortunately, the other side had a massive numerical advantage, with almost 30 enemies on par with Seventh-Order Masters alone, many of whom were powerful Divine Spirits.