Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5569 - 5569, Black Ink Clan Withdraws

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Fortunately, Yang Kai had returned safely.

Now, when Yang Kai led these Eighth-Order Masters to kill several Territory Lords in succession with unstoppable force, Chen Yuan could not say anything about others, but he and his comrades were totally convinced.

No matter whether this newly appointed Army Commander was young and impetuous, just his overwhelming personal strength alone put him ahead above the other Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

They had never fought side by side with Yang Kai before, so although they knew he was strong, they didn’t know how strong exactly.

Until today.

Although the last surviving Territory Lord was going all out, he was still suppressed by Yang Kai to the point where he could not even catch a breath. Chen Yuan and Dai Hong basically did not need to put their guard up, all they had to do was keep attacking the Territory Lord with their strongest methods. They found this battle quite cathartic.

With someone so powerful overseeing Profound Nether Territory, everyone’s future would be much brighter.

On the auxiliary front, the Black Ink Clan Army collapsed like loose sand following the fall of the Territory Lords. The Black Ink Clan soldiers panicked and fled, allowing the tens of thousands of Human soldiers to relentlessly chase after them.

The situation on the main battlefield was originally extremely tense; furthermore, the Black Ink Clan held the upper hand. However, when the first Territory Lord fell in the distant void, the hearts of all the Territory Lords on the main battlefield skipped a beat. No one had any idea what happened, but a Territory Lord undoubtedly died.

Although it was quite far away, and the disturbance was very faint, all the Territory Lords had sharp senses and naturally, the death of another Territory Lord did not go unnoticed by them.

It had to be known that not many Territory Lords had fallen in Profound Nether Territory, only five over several decades, three of which were killed by Yang Kai last time. If these three were excluded, the Profound Nether Army had only managed to kill two Territory Lords in several decades.

Innate Territory Lords were not easy to kill, especially when the Black Ink Clan had the overall advantage in terms of numbers.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The Human Race had paid a great price just for this.

But today, another Territory Lord was killed.

Six Arms, who was overseeing this place, stared into the distance as a deep furrow appeared on his brow, seemingly wanting to see through the void and determine what was happening.

Unfortunately, the distance was too great and he had no idea what was going on. All he could do was ask a subordinate Feudal Lord to send a message to inquire about it. There was a Black Ink Nest on the auxiliary front, and although it was only Low-Rank, it was enough for the Black Ink Clan to quickly gather information.

The death of a single Territory Lord was not a critical blow to their Army, but it was not a small matter either. Just as Wei Jun Yang had said, however, Six Arms was an extremely cautious Territory Lord, so he immediately wanted to inquire about the situation of the auxiliary front.

While waiting for the report, Six Arms looked towards the raging battlefield as his gaze swept over the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters one by one, like a poisonous snake staring at its prey.

If any of the Eighth-Order Masters showed any signs of weakness, he would make a move.

He had done this multiple times over the past few decades, and many Eighth-Order Masters had fallen victim to his ploys. So, all the Eighth-Order Masters in Profound Nether Territory were extremely wary of him.

It would not have been a big deal if he really fought with the Eighth-Order Masters head-on, the problem was that not only was Six Arms powerful, he was also cunning and insidious.

Therefore, every time he appeared on the battlefield, the Eighth-Order Masters would have to divert part of their attention to guard against him. As a result, he alone was able to restrain many Eighth-Order Masters.

This was an open scheme and Six Arms did not attempt to conceal himself as he kept a hawk eye from the edge of the battlefield. The Human Race Army was helpless about this though, as the Eighth-Order Masters were fewer in number than the Territory Lords so they could not spare one to especially guard against Six Arms.

One time, Ou Yang Lie had taken a risk to act as bait, feigning injury to make it appear he was no match for his opponent, enticing Six Arms into attacking him. In the end though, he was almost beaten to death by Six Arms, leaving Ou Yang Lie fuming in anger. He had sworn that he would tear Six Arms to pieces to soothe his rage.

As the battle continued, Six Arms patiently waited for an opportunity.

At a certain moment, his eyes lit up as he spotted an Eighth-Order Master being besieged by two Territory Lords. Just as he was about to make his move though, his head suddenly swivelled as he stared off into the void.

Spreading from that direction were the undulations of another Territory Lord’s fall.

[Another one?]

Six Arm’s expression now became solemn.

The death of a single Territory Lord was not that big of a deal. The situation on the battlefield was constantly changing, and if a Territory Lord showed the slightest neglect, the Eighth-Order Human Masters would seize the opportunity to kill. But now, two Territory Lords had fallen in quick succession, which was highly abnormal.

[Did a Human Race Master come to help!?]

In the direction he was staring was one of Profound Nether Territory’s auxiliary fronts. According to the intelligence Six Arms had gathered, four Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were stationed on that front, while the Black Ink Clan had five Territory Lords. The Territory Lords had always maintained an upper hand all these years, so the known Eighth-Order Humans couldn’t kill a Territory Lord.

[Why has the situation changed so suddenly today? Could Xiang Shan have come?]

A possibility crossed Six Arms’s mind. If there was any Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master he feared, it was Xiang Shan. Xiang Shan had been moving between the various Great Territory battlefields, his whereabouts always elusive. He would suddenly appear and attack a Territory Lord while the battle was raging before slipping away, only to reappear on a distant battlefield sometime later.

Quite a lot of Territory Lords had fallen at the hands of Xiang Shan over these past years, and many more were injured.

Be that as it may, even if a Territory Lord had fallen victim to Xiang Shan’s ambush, another couldn’t fall! The Territory Lords were not stupid and would promptly raise their guard or even flee upon noticing that the tides were not in their favour.

Six Arms suddenly felt uneasy.

He had always been a cautious individual and could not tolerate any surprise or situation which he had no control over, so having no information on what was going on at that auxiliary front was giving him a headache.

The deaths of two Territory Lords did not go unnoticed by the other Territory Lords either.

This left every Territory Lord confused and even a bit nervous. Even their suppression over the Eighth-Order Masters had weakened, allowing the Human Masters to catch their breath.

Many Territory Lords who were engaged in fierce battles shot a questioning glance at Six Arms, who slowly shook his head in response. He was completely oblivious to what was happening on the auxiliary front, the only thing he was certain of was that something highly unexpected had happened there for the things to have changed so suddenly.

The Feudal Lord, who was responsible for relaying intelligence, had yet to report back, causing Six Arms to grow even more restless. Originally, his entire focus was on finding a flaw in the Eighth-Order Masters’ defences, waiting for an opportunity to strike. But now, he was in no mood to do so.

When he sensed the demise of the third Territory Lord, Six Arms’ face turned ashen.

[Xiang Shan! It’s definitely Xiang Shan!]

Xiang Shan was the strongest of the Eighth-Order Human Masters, and he appeared and disappeared mysteriously. The Humans couldn’t kill three powerful Innate Territory Lords in a short time without his help. However, Xiang Shan alone could not achieve such a feat. The Humans must have deployed more reinforcements to the auxiliary front!

Before Six Arms could finish speculating though, he felt the passing of a third Territory Lord followed soon after by the fourth. The two deaths happened so close together they practically occurred at the same time.

[The auxiliary front has been lost!]

The interval between the Territory Lords’ deaths became shorter and shorter, indicating that the Human Race’s advantage was getting bigger.

Nonetheless, what Six Arms failed to understand was how all five Territory Lords could be so stupid. Even if the Humans had received powerful reinforcements, why did the Territory Lords not run when they could not defeat them? Innate Territory Lords were quite strong, and if they were determined to flee, no Eighth-Order Master could stop them.

Unless the Humans had somehow sealed the entire battlefield.

But how could the Human Race have such ability? If they wanted to seal off the entire battlefield, they would need many, many Eighth-Order Masters, a force that they simply did not possess.

Six Arms didn’t consider the possibility of a Ninth-Order Master appearing, because the only two Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters were pinned down in Wind Mist Territory. They couldn’t leave.

Of the five Territory Lords on the auxiliary front, four were already dead.

Six Arms blew his top as he silently cursed those Territory Lords for being foolish and useless.

Gloom filled his eyes as he stared into the depths of the void with regret, but ultimately, he could only raise his hand and shout, “Retreat!”

Originally, they planned to make the best of the absence of the Profound Nether Army Commander, who was trapped in Acacia Territory, but unbeknownst to them, the Humans seemed to have already made arrangements. Not only had they failed to achieve their original objective, but they had also lost four Territory Lords, forcing Six Arms to withdraw their forces.

The auxiliary front had collapsed, and the Human Race’s reinforcements would surely be arriving soon. Before that happened, the Black Ink Clan had to withdraw before they were flanked and overwhelmed.

The Black Ink Clan Army slowly started retreating under Six Arm’s command. The Territory Lords who were fighting against the Eighth-Order Masters also gradually left the battlefield.

The Human Race had no intention of pursuing them as the situation on the main battlefield was different compared to the auxiliary front. The Territory Lords on the auxiliary front had been defeated and the enemy army routed, so it was only natural for the Humans to give chase. On the contrary, the Black Ink Clan here was retreating on their own initiative, in an orderly manner, so chasing them was risky.

The Eighth-Order Masters gradually gathered around. Everyone’s body was riddled with wounds, but fortunately, most of them weren’t seriously injured. They would recover after some rest. Some of the injuries were serious, but they were not fatal. Only, they all had grim looks on their faces.

This was the greatest advantage the Humans had over the Black Ink Clan.

When a Human was injured, they could take healing pills to recover from their injuries. Whereas if Black Ink Clansmen were injured, and the injuries were not light, they would need to enter a Black Ink Nest to recover.

That was why there were so many Territory Lords hibernating in the Black Ink Nests at the No-Return Pass. It could even be said that the only reason the Humans had been able to hold on for so long was because of this advantage. If the Black Ink Clan could use Spirit Pills to heal themselves, the Humans would have been facing at least 30% more Territory Lords on every battlefield. That kind of pressure was definitely not something the Human Race could bear.

Although the Territory Lords were greater in number than the Eighth-Order Masters, the Human Race was still able to barely hold their ground because the Eighth-Order Masters were willing to exchange injuries with injuries during their battles. As long as a Territory Lord was seriously injured, they would have to go to the No-Return Pass to rest for several years if not decades.

Ou Yang Lie was drenched in blood, and his face was pale.

He was a valiant man who fought with all his might in every battle, so his injuries were not light at all. Be that as it may, he would go all out again in the next battle, no matter how serious his injuries were.

The Territory Lords in Profound Nether Territory found Ou Yang Lie to be a pain to deal with. Although Ou Yang Lie had not killed any Innate Territory Lords over the last few decades, he had forced at least seven of them back to the No-Return Pass.

So now, every time the Black Ink Clan fought, two Territory Lords would join forces to pin him down, making Ou Yang Lie feel helpless and angry.

He felt like he was being targeted.

Gazing in the direction the Black Ink Clan Army was retreating, Ou Yang Lie asked, frowning, “What’s going on at the auxiliary front? How did four Territory Lords die? Has Big Head Xiang come?”

His questions were naturally directed at Wei Jun Yang.