Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5614: Congratulations From All Around

“The One-Legged Ox Clan offers congratulations to Thunder Shadow Great Emperor! From now on, you will be our leader, and we will always obey your commands!”

A loud voice was heard coming from the Southwest. It was a Monster King from the Ox Head Monster Emperor’s Clan who was expressing his loyalty. Since their Clan’s Monster Emperor was killed, there was supposed to be a blood feud between them; however, to the Monster Race, strength mattered above all else, so the dead Monster Emperor no longer mattered.

“The Ice Frog Clan congratulates Thunder Shadow Great Emperor. May you reign over the Myriad Monsters World for generations to come!” A croak was heard coming from the Northeast.

“The Snow Mink Clan congratulates Thunder Shadow Great Emperor.”

It was from the Southeast this time.

One by one, Monster Emperors and Monster Kings raised their voices.

Besides Monster Race members, even the Open Heaven Realm Masters from various Sects congratulated Shadow Leopard.

After it became a Great Emperor, congratulations came from all around.

To the Humans, a Fifth-Order Monster Emperor was certainly not worth much attention; after all, millions of Open Heaven Realm Masters ranged from the Fifth-Order to the Seventh-Order on the various battlefields.

A Great Emperor was nothing special either as every Universe World could produce their own Great Emperors who were powerful in their domains, but insignificant in the expansive Universe.

However, a Great Emperor of the Myriad Monsters World was different; after all, Thunder Shadow Great Emperor was of the Monster Race.

The Humans were fully aware of the achievements of the Great Emperors who came from the Star Boundary. Apart from the Universe-famous Yang Kai, there was Zhan Wu Hen, Duan Hong Chen, Mo Huang, and others who were also well-known figures. They all had made a name for themselves on the battlefields as they slaughtered Black Ink Clansmen.

These Great Emperors only directly ascended to the Sixth Order when they made it to the Open Heaven Realm in the past, but now, most of them were already in the Eighth Order. Two or three of them were still in the Seventh Order, but it wouldn’t be long before they made it to the next Order.

The key was that it had only been about 2,000 years since they first ascended to the Open Heaven Realm.

It would take the average person 2,000 or more years just to ascend from the Sixth Order to the Seventh Order, while it should be impossible to make it to the Eighth Order no matter how many resources they had available. After all, it took time to refine resources too.

However, by relying on their identities as Great Emperors or the Star Boundary, they were able to take advantage of the abundant World Force drawn in and purified by the World Tree clone to shorten the time they needed to cultivate, allowing them to create countless miracles.

Unfortunately, every Universe World had its limit. The World’s Bottle in the Star Boundary was already full, and all the positions had been occupied. Unless a Great Emperor fell, there wouldn’t be new ones rising up. Hence, no one else could enjoy this advantage.

Perhaps the capacity in the Star Boundary would increase in the future, but that would take a long time, and there would surely be fierce competition for any newly opened spot.

In the beginning, the World’s Bottle of the Star Boundary could only accommodate 10 Great Emperors, but that number had expanded to 12 now.

Apart from the Star Boundary though, there was also the Myriad Monsters World.

The first Great Emperor from the Monster Race was born in the Myriad Monsters World today. Although it was currently only a Fifth-Order Monster Emperor, everyone knew the Monster Emperor titled Thunder Shadow would be able to grow in power at an unimaginable pace.

If the Shadow Leopard had used the Open Heaven Realm method to achieve its ascension, its limit would be the Seventh Order since it was now in the Fifth Order; however, it had achieved a breakthrough by relying on the Primal Art. As such, it had a chance to make it to the Eighth Order or even the Ninth Order.

Once it became a Ninth-Order Monster Emperor, given how fierce the Monster Race was, perhaps no Human Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master would be a match for it.

Certainly, the Humans wouldn’t dare to disregard such a rising Star, not to mention that it was the only Great Emperor in the Myriad Monsters World for now. In other words, the entire Universe World was its territory. Since the Humans wanted to make a living in this world, they had to give face to the Shadow Leopard. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

At that instant, many people shifted their attention to the Great Feather Pavilion.

They were aware the Great Emperor was good friends with a woman from the Great Feather Pavilion. It was a well-known fact that it was hard to get along with the Monster Race, but they reckoned that they could try approaching those from the Great Feather Pavilion. As long as they could strike up a relationship with Thunder Shadow Great Emperor through Great Feather Pavilion, that would be beneficial to their Sects.

Currently, the Sects found in the Myriad Monsters World were all smaller Great Forces. The truly powerful Great Forces of the 3,000 Worlds had already settled down in the Star Boundary. The disciples from these smaller Great Forces wouldn’t dare to ignore a Great Emperor’s influence.

This was destined to be a restless night. The Great Forces started planning on how to establish ties with Great Feather Pavilion. Although Great Feather Pavilion was ordinary, it was now the centre of attention in the entire Myriad Monsters World.

Since the sky was now clear, Stars shone down brilliantly at this moment.

The Heavenly Tribulation was over as the dark clouds had dissipated; however, Thunder Shadow Great Emperor had fallen into a deep slumber. It was exhausted from all the battles, not to mention that it had to go against the Heavenly Tribulation at the same time.

Although it had become the Fifth-Order Monster Emperor, its body and soul were now quite weary.

Just then, two figures came over. They were Qin Xue and her husband, who had been paying close attention to the Shadow Leopard. When they heard its loud snoring from a distance, they were startled, but after exchanging glances, they were torn between tears and laughter.

While the Myriad Monsters World experienced a paradigm shift, the one who caused everything was flopped onto its belly, snoring away peacefully, leaving them quite speechless.

“Please go back first, Husband. Don’t let Shuang’er and the others worry about us,” Qin Xue sent him a Divine Sense transmission, “I’ll stay here and take care of it.”

Hou Qing Hai nodded, “Good.”

There wasn’t a need to say anything else. The Shadow Leopard was on good terms with Qin Xue, and now that it was a Great Emperor, no one in the Myriad Monsters World would dare to harm her.

After Hou Qing Hai left, Qin Xue walked over lightly and took a seat beside the Shadow Leopard. As she ran her fingers through its smooth fur, she couldn’t help but recall the first time she met the Shadow Leopard several hundred years ago. It never crossed her mind that the little cub from back then would grow up to be so powerful one day.

She decided to hurry up and break through to the Open Heaven Realm to catch up to it.

As for the agreement between the two Races, there was no need to worry about it. Since the Ox Head Monster Emperor was dead, its plan had failed miserably. Moreover, the Shadow Leopard was now the sole Great Emperor, so as long as it was willing to uphold the agreement, everything would remain the same even though it was just an oral agreement.

No Humans or Monster Race members would dare to disobey a Great Emperor in the Myriad Monsters World at this point.

Shadow Leopard had never shown any hostility towards Humans, and it had always let the disciples from Great Feather Pavilion roam its territory and collect Spirit Herbs at will. The Monster Race members in its territory had also never antagonized the Humans.

As the Shadow Leopard continued to snore, it changed to a more comfortable position.

All of a sudden, its eyes shot open and it gazed up into the sky, but its amber eyes reflected nothing.

“What’s wrong?” Qin Xue asked.

“Nothing,” the Shadow Leopard replied while feeling doubtful. Earlier, it sensed that someone was observing it, but it discovered no one upon scanning the surroundings.

Either it perceived wrongly, or the one spying on it was far more powerful.

It was a Monster Beast with a sensitive perception, so the former was unlikely; hence, the person lurking in the shadows must be significantly more powerful than it.

It reckoned that the person was either a Seventh-Order or Eighth-Order Human Master, as only such a formidable being could hide its presence so completely.

Nevertheless, it wasn’t worried because it didn’t detect any hostility from this gaze. The other side was merely examining it.

As such, it closed its eyes again and dozed off.

Up in the sky, Yang Kai looked down with a faint smile. It seemed that his Monster Self indeed had sharp senses.

It had been 500 years since he built a cave mansion in the World Tree clone in the Star Boundary to enter secluded cultivation. Over the years, he had been refining all sorts of resources to strengthen the heritage of his Small Universe and had gained a lot.

If not for a sense of danger suddenly washing over him one night, he wouldn’t have stopped cultivating and exited retreat.

Since he was only cultivating inside the World Tree, he naturally wouldn’t fall into danger. The feeling he had suggested that either his Human Self or Monster Self was in peril.

The two Soul Clones were independent beings who didn’t even know of their connection to the true body’s existence; however, they were still closely related to him.

After pondering for a moment, Yang Kai concluded that his Human Self was likely fine, so he immediately left the Star Boundary and headed to the Myriad Monsters World.

Given his strength, it only took him two hours to travel from the Star Boundary to the Myriad Monsters World.

Upon his arrival, he saw the Shadow Leopard facing its Heavenly Tribulation. Although he was mentally prepared, Yang Kai was still shocked by Shadow Leopard’s cultivation speed.

It only took Shadow Leopard 500 years to grow from a little cub to a Monster Emperor. The average Monster Race member could never have achieved this.

Although Monster Race members were powerful, their cultivation rate was innately slower compared to that of Humans. It usually took them a long time for them to reach the same relative Realm as their Human counterparts, though they were usually more powerful as a result. It was for this reason that many Monster Race members assumed Human Form early on and gave up on refining their Monster Cores through the Primal Art.

Nevertheless, the Shadow Leopard’s achievements went against common sense. Its cultivation speed was even quicker than that of talented Humans.

When Shadow Leopard came across Qin Xue back then, it was only two years old. At that time, Qin Xue was already in the Separation and Reunion Boundary, but now it was a Great Emperor while Qin Xue had only condensed her Dao Seal.

Although Qin Xue’s cultivation speed wasn’t considered fast among the Humans, it wasn’t slow by any means.

The Shadow Leopard’s growth had broken all rules and conventions. Even some Human prodigies paled compared to the Shadow Leopard when it came to their cultivation speed.

Certainly, this wasn’t solely due to the Shadow Leopard’s capabilities. It was thanks to an amazing Secret Art named the Heaven Devouring Blood Light Scripture.

It was the combination of the Heaven Devouring Battle Law and Grand Evolution Immortal Blood Light Scripture. Yang Kai had cultivated both Secret Arts before, and given that he was an Eighth-Order Master now, it wasn’t hard for him to combine these Heaven-defying Secret Arts and devise a new one.

The Secret Art was specifically prepared for his Monster Self.

When he split his Soul to create his Monster Self back then, Yang Kai imprinted this Secret Art into Shadow Leopard’s petite figure, turning it into its own Innate Secret Art.

That was the reason Shadow Leopard had been making enemies everywhere over the years. To cultivate the Heaven Devouring Blood Light Scripture, it had to kill and gobble up the physiques and Monster Cores of other Monster Beasts to strengthen itself.

Now, it seemed that Shadow Leopard had done a great job.