Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5621: Thieves

According to ancient stories, The Sun’s Burning Light and Moon’s Serene Glimmer were the ancestors of all Divine Spirits. The various Divine Spirits only appeared after these two, followed by the Primordial Era and the glorious days when Divine Spirits ruled the Universe.

During that era, all sorts of different Divine Spirits were found throughout the 3,000 Worlds.

It was a pity that a brutal war that went on for millennia caused the extinction of many Divine Spirit Clans. Today, only a handful of Divine Spirits remained, and many of those Divine Spirits that managed to survive were on the verge of disappearing. The undeniable fact was that Divine Spirits were incredibly powerful, and every Mature Divine Spirit was equivalent to a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master at least. What’s more, all they needed to do was constantly refine their bloodline, and their strength would increase until one day they stood on par with Ninth-Order Old Ancestors, if not higher.

However, according to the information Yang Kai received from Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan, the rumour about them being the first ancestors was made up. Since they first gained sentience, the only matter that had concerned them was deciding who was the Elder Sibling; moreover, Yang and Yin were counteracting forces, so how could they produce so many Divine Spirits?

The only real joint creation of these two Supreme Beings was when Yang Kai used the Great Sun and Moon Marks to fuse their power to create Purifying Light, which was the most effective method the Humans currently had to restrain Black Ink Strength.

Before Purifying Light appeared, the only thing that could restrain Black Ink Strength was the power of Divine Spirits. Of course, the Divine Spirits’ power wasn’t as effective as Purifying Light, but it was still far better than what mere Humans were capable of.

Ancestral Strength from the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land was particularly good at this and could be thought of as a purer, stronger version of the Divine Spirits’ Power. At the end of the Early Ancient Era, a Black Ink Giant Spirit God was suppressed and sealed in the Demon Sealing Land by the Dragon Emperor and Phoenix Empress of that generation with the help of the Sacred Treasures from 16 powerful Divine Spirit Clans and more than half of the Ancestral Strength of the Ancestral Land. After so many years, even the Black Ink Strength inside that Black Ink Giant Spirit God had been continuously ground away by the Ancestral Strength.

When Yang Kai opened the Demon Sealing Land back then, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was only an empty husk. If Mo’s Soul Clone hadn’t been injected into the dead Black Ink Giant Spirit God, it would have been impossible for it to be revived.

The Primordial Light was the opposite of the initial darkness, and both the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer were separated from it. That was why the combination of Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s strength could perfectly counter Black Ink Strength.

If that were true though, why could the Divine Spirits also resist Black Ink Strength? Did the Divine Spirits really have no connection with the Primordial Light?

Now, the Divine Spirits were on the brink of extinction, and there weren’t many of them still alive. Only a few Divine Spirit Clans were left, but even they were no longer as glorious as they were during the Primordial Era. However, the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land endured, so even if Big Sister Lan didn’t suggest this to Yang Kai, he was already preparing to head over there as he might find some clues.

The Shattered Heaven was the land of exile in the 3,000 Worlds. It was where the wicked gathered, so there had been all sorts of characters living there in the past.

Back then, those Open Heaven Realm Masters who wanted to break through to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, but weren’t from any Cave Heaven and Paradise would head to the Shattered Heaven. That was because even the Cave Heavens and Paradises couldn’t control that place.

They could peacefully break through to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm without having to worry about being besieged by the Masters from the Cave Heavens and Paradises.

Of course, looking back now, the Cave Heavens and Paradises did have the ability to wipe clean and control the Shattered Heaven, they simply chose not to because the world needed a place to hide its dirty and dark secrets.

Even though the 3,000 Worlds was a vast and endless place, it couldn’t be entirely clean. Order and chaos were like light and dark, impossible to exist on their own. Everything had a positive and negative side, and both sides relied on each other to survive.

Deep inside the Shattered Heaven was the Divine Ability Sea, which was placed there by Great Experts near the end of the Early Ancient Era to surround the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land. It was a natural barrier and also an invisible cage.

At this moment, Yang Kai was standing outside the Divine Ability Sea and could see a huge, safe passageway that led straight to the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land.

This pathway was obviously the one the Black Ink Giant Spirit God opened when it emerged from the Ancestral Land.

This made things easy for Yang Kai as he didn’t need to deal with the Divine Ability Sea now.

Taking one step after another, Yang Kai strode forward, and with the help of Space Principles, each step carried him 100,000 kilometres further.

Soon, Yang Kai passed through that pathway and arrived at the Ancestral Land.

The Ancestral Land was a vast World that was filled with an ancient aura. If one were to say the Myriad Monsters World had barely managed to retain the aura of the Early Ancient Era, the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land could be said to have perfectly preserved the Primordial Era’s environment without the slightest change.

Counting this trip as well, Yang Kai had visited the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land three times.

The first time was when Cheng Yang chased him here. He was escaping with a female Seventh-Order Master named Xia Lin Lang, and they accidentally barged into this place. Perhaps it was because he had a Dragon Clan Bloodline that he was able to arrive here alive as, back then, Yang Kai was only a Sixth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

The second time was when he came to prevent an Eighth-Order Black Ink Disciple from reviving the Black Ink Giant Spirit God. Unfortunately, he was too late and was forced to personally kill a respected Senior, Lu An. Then, he personally witnessed the revival of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

That Black Ink Giant Spirit God was the one that charged out of the Demon Sealing Land to the Ancestral Land and then out through the Shattered Heaven before arriving at the Barren Territory Battlefield.

This was Yang Kai’s third visit to this place.

During his first visit, though he had a potent Dragon Vein, he wasn’t a Pureblood Dragon Clan member. During the second visit, all his focus had been on the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, so he didn’t have any spare attention to investigate this place.

But this time, he could feel a natural sense of comfort and closeness when he arrived here. It felt like he had returned home from a long journey and ran back into his mother’s arms. His Dragon Blood was surging inside him, and he couldn’t help wanting to let out a dragon roar to vent his feelings.

Although he was born a Human, the current Yang Kai could be fundamentally considered a Pure-Blooded Dragon, so he had a natural feeling of belonging with this land.

However, Yang Kai soon frowned.

It was because this place was occupied by many Black Ink Nests of all sizes, most of them Low-Rank but three of them Mid-Rank. There were no High-Rank ones, fortunately.

All the High-Rank Black Ink Nests were placed at the No-Return Pass and were guarded by the only remaining Royal Lord.

Despite having already known that the Ancestral Land wouldn’t remain unaffected by the war, Yang Kai still felt enraged when he witnessed this scene.

It felt as though thieves had overrun his home, and not only did they steal his belongings, but they even took his home for themselves.

How could Yang Kai endure this?

These thieves wanted to take over the Ancestral Land, but it seemed like they weren’t very successful because, in any Universe World outside, one Low-Rank Black Ink Nest would be enough to cover it in Black Ink Strength, turning it into the Black Ink Clan’s territory.

But here, even though all the Black Ink Nests were pumping out Black Ink Strength, the area they managed to cover was quite limited. One Low-Rank Black Ink Nest could only cover about a 100-kilometre radius with Black Ink Strength, and the further away from the Black Ink Nest, the thinner the Black Ink Strength became.

The Mid-Rank Black Ink Nests were stronger but, even they could only cover about a 10,000-kilometre radius.

While such distances were not small, compared to the billions upon billions of kilometres diameter of the Ancestral Land, it was actually quite insignificant.

It seemed like there was an invisible force restraining the Black Ink Strength from spreading.

Obviously, it was the Ancestral Strength which could restrain and even dissolve Black Ink Strength! Though it wasn’t as effective as Purifying Light, with the vast Ancestral Land supporting the Ancestral Strength, it could uninterruptedly resist the corruption and spread of Black Ink Strength without much difficulty even after a couple of millennia.

Judging from the scene before him, Yang Kai became even more certain that the Divine Spirits had some link to the Primordial Light. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

It was because of the Ancestral Land’s resistance that so many Black Ink Nests had appeared here; otherwise, why would the Black Ink Clan arrange their Black Ink Nest in such a way?

“A Human?” A shocked and puzzled voice sounded.

Yang Kai lowered his head to look in the direction of the voice and saw a Feudal Lord looking up at him from one of the Low-Rank Black Ink Nests.

Since Yang Kai didn’t hide himself, the Feudal Lord immediately discovered him when he entered the range of the Ancestral Land.

When their four eyes suddenly met, the Feudal Lord was certain that the other party was a Human. He immediately grinned and revealed a vicious smile before bellowing, “Kill him!”

[Where did this Human come from? How insolent of him to appear here!]

The Black Ink Clan had been occupying this vast land for many years, but had never seen any Humans come over; after all, this place was too far from the Great Territory Battlefields while also very close to the Black Ink Battlefield, so even Hunters wouldn’t easily venture this deep into their territory.

In this place, the Black Ink Clan didn’t live a comfortable life because some kind of mysterious energy was suppressing their Black Ink Strength and preventing it from spreading. If they had a choice, the Black Ink Clan here would rather fight on the battlefield than remain here.

Previously, there were Territory Lords that had tried to destroy this vast land, but even when an Innate Territory Lord used all his strength to bombard its surface, much of their strength would dissipate before it even struck the ground, which made it impossible to do any real damage.

Unfortunately for them, their progress was still very slow despite their long years of effort.

Now that a Human had appeared here, it naturally stimulated the Feudal Lord’s predatory instincts. He thought of capturing this Human and turning him into a Black Ink Disciple to be commanded at will.

Once the Feudal Lord gave the order, numerous Black Ink Clansmen from the surrounding hundred-kilometre radius charged over, including some Feudal Lords. Those Feudal Lords didn’t have their own Black Ink Nest and could only obey the Feudal Lord who gave out the order.

Instantly, Black Ink Strength surged, and a dense stream of figures flew at Yang Kai, swiftly surrounding him.

That first Feudal Lord stood above his Black Ink Nest and watched this scene with interest, but suddenly, he had a bad feeling and frowned as he noticed that the other party was behaving a little too calmly.

Moreover… he couldn’t sense this Human’s cultivation.

Once that thought flashed across the Feudal Lord’s mind, a burst of light suddenly appeared in the middle of the encirclement. Following that, every Black Ink Clansmen that went over froze in place like they were struck by lightning.

Then, the sound of spurting fresh blood sounded, and all at once, every Black Ink Clansman, no matter their strength, fell to pieces, literally.

The Feudal Lord’s pupils contracted as he turned around to retreat towards his Black Ink Nest without hesitation.

When the Human attacked, the Feudal Lord immediately sensed his cultivation.

An Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!

Although the Feudal Lord didn’t know why this Human came here, he knew this wasn’t someone he could mess with.

However, just as he turned around, an oppressive force appeared above him. This pressure was like a mountain, rendering him immobile. He barely managed to raise his head to see a palm coming down on him, followed by complete darkness. Then, he didn’t know what had happened next.