Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5640: Sun and Moon Divine Seal

Di Wu was entirely at a disadvantage because Yang Kai had the absolute upper hand when it came to physical strength. The excruciating pain coming from Di Wu’s wrist was something he had never experienced before.

“Next time, don’t make others wait so long!” Yang Kai bellowed before headbutting Di Wu. The aggressive force was like the whole world was coming at him, making Di Wu feel dizzy and almost disperse the Black Ink Strength he had gathered inside him.

The sudden change rendered the four Territory Lords dumbfounded. Originally, they thought that this would be an easy kill for Di Wu, but the results shocked them.

In their flustered state, the Territory Lords didn’t have time to think about anything else and quickly attacked Yang Kai with their Secret Techniques, trying to save Di Wu.

A series of explosions sounded across the Ancestral Land. Since the light barrier protecting Yang Kai had been torn open by Di Wu, Yang Kai had to take on consecutive attacks from the Territory Lords with his own body. Although he had his own layer of protection from his World Force, resisting the attacks was difficult. His body was instantly battered, and he kept spitting out Golden Blood.

“Are you done? I’ve been enduring you all for too long!” Yang Kai roared.

Suddenly, a pair of bright but also strange patterns appeared on the back of Yang Kai’s hands.

They were the Great Sun and Moon Marks.

An extremely mysterious force appeared from within the Marks, which then began permeating out across the Ancestral Land. In an instant, tiny wisps of light flew out from the Small Stone Race corpses.

Those lights were either pure yellow or blue. When they first began appearing, there weren’t that many at a glance, but in the blink of an eye, the ground and sky were densely packed with a sea of blue and yellow covering the entire battlefield.

Some three million Small Stone Race Soldiers had died in this vast land over the past few days, and if Di Wu had observed carefully enough, he would have noticed that these Small Stone Race Soldiers had two different characteristics. There were even numbers of Great Sun Small Stone Race and Great Moon Small Stone Race.

Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan had spent years painstakingly nurturing these special beings with their power, and with the Small Stone Race’s nature of devouring and refining resources to grow themselves and breed new clansmen, it could be said that they were now living Yellow and Blue Crystals, although less pure than the real ones. They had the purest form of Yang and Yin Energy contained inside them.

Despite being smashed, this pure energy hadn’t dissipated and if other Small Stone Race members came across this place, they could devour the corpses of their fallen brethren to continue growing stronger.

These three million Small Stone Race Soldiers weren’t sacrificed in vain. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Since deciding to summon the Small Stone Race, Yang Kai had been planning for this very moment.

Never would the Black Ink Clan have thought that the dead Small Stone Race could still have such great power even after death; after all, there were only a dozen or so Divine Spirits who had the Great Sun and Moon Marks, and none of them had shown such mysterious techniques before on the battlefield.

Di Wu thought he had been careful enough, but the reality was that he would never be able to understand just how cunning Humans could be.

When he recovered from his dizzy state, the two-tone lights he saw around him made alarm bells ring in his head, and he was once again reminded of the time when Yang Kai trashed the No-Return Pass.

The Black Ink Strength inside Di Wu surged madly as he desperately wanted to escape from Yang Kai’s grasp. At the same time, he yelled, “Let go!”

“Too late!” Yang Kai snarled while using all his strength to activate the two marks on the backs of his hands.

At that instant, the yellow and blue lights merged, causing the two colours to disappear instantly and transform into the purest white light. The light gradually condensed into a ball that rapidly expanded across the battlefield, like a great rising Sun.

Time seemed to have frozen at that moment, and under cover of the intense Purifying Light, the scattered Black Ink Strength and Black Ink Clouds formed from the massive amount of Black Ink Clansmen killed in this battle were instantly vaporized. It was as if they had never existed before.

On the other hand, the surviving Black Ink Clansmen felt like ants that had been thrown into boiling oil, screaming and struggling, but unable to resist the erosion of the Purifying Light at all. The Black Ink Strength inside their bodies quickly dissolved and their auras grew fainter. Those weaker ones were soon killed on the spot, while the stronger ones were barely clinging to life.

At the same time, the four Territory Lords fired more Secret Techniques at Yang Kai, but these attacks were severely weakened by the Purifying Light and lost at least half of their power by the time they hit their mark.

Not only that, but the Territory Lords were also enduring the pain of having their bodies literally melting as the Purifying Light invaded them, destroying their very foundation.

As for Di Wu, who was right in front of Yang Kai, he was experiencing the worst of these effects.

Since he was the strongest and was literally being held down by Yang Kai, the place he was standing was where the Purifying Light was the most intense. At this moment, the Pseudo-Royal Lord was like a melting candle. The jet-black Black Ink Strength was continuously flowing out of his body, which would then be neutralized by the Purifying Light.

Fortunately for Di Wu, he had mustered all his strength and pushed the knife hand being gripped by Yang Kai further into the latter’s chest just before Yang Kai activated the Purifying Light.

Although Yang Kai wasn’t willing, he was forced to let go at that last moment and quickly put some distance between them to avoid his heart being pierced through.

Now that Di Wu wasn’t being restrained, he immediately flew into the sky, desperately wanting to escape the area being enveloped by Purifying Light.

At that moment, space suddenly became extremely viscous and simultaneously felt like it was being stretched out infinitely. It was only for a moment, but it was still torturous for Di Wu.

It only took three breaths of time for the blast of Purifying Light to dissipate, but during that short moment, the Black Ink Clan had suffered a terrifying loss.

Di Wu finally escaped the space binding and charged out of the area being encased by Purifying Light, but when he looked down, he felt devastated.

The tens of thousands of Black Ink Clan Soldiers that had survived the previous slaughter were now reduced to less than 2,000 by the intense Purifying Light; however, even these survivors were like flickering candles in the wind, at risk of being snuffed out at any moment.

As for the four Territory Lords who had formed the Four Symbols Formation… All four of their auras had disappeared.

Soon, Di Wu saw Yang Kai covered in blood, and in his hand was a huge head. That head belonged to one of the Territory Lords, and the expression on its face was filled with reluctance and disbelief. Obviously, this Territory Lord never expected their originally advantageous situation to suddenly make a huge turn for the worse.

Yang Kai was cornered and at his limit, but he suddenly regained control of the entire situation in the blink of an eye and even had the time, while Di Wu was escaping, to kill the four weakened and stunned Territory Lords who were being tortured by the Purifying Light to the point of wanting to die.

Yang Kai seriously injured a true Royal Lord by sacrificing 2 million Small Stone Race Soldiers back at the No-Return Pass. Today, 3 million Small Stone Race had died here, so how could mere Innate Territory Lords withstand the resulting burst of Purifying Light?

Moreover, there was also suppression from the Ancestral Land. If Yang Kai targeted them in such a situation, where they couldn’t even access 50% of their maximum strength, they were still doomed even if they had formed a Battle Formation.

When the four eyes suddenly met, Di Wu once again felt hopeless and terrified.

He came here in full confidence, but suddenly discovered after this huge battle that perhaps killing Yang Kai was an impossible task.

At that moment, he suddenly had the urge to retreat.

“Now there’s only the two of us.” Yang Kai casually tossed the head away as if he were throwing out the trash. When compared, Yang Kai’s injuries were definitely more serious than Di Wu’s. His Soul was constantly throbbing, and his body was completely battered. Even so, Di Wu’s mental state right now was far worse than Yang Kai’s.

Yang Kai looked at Di Wu with his deep, cold eyes while asking, “Are you ready to die, Sir Royal Lord?”

However, Di Wu just turned around and made a mad dash while yelling, “Open the Grand Array!”

Since the Heaven Sealing Earth Locking Eight Palaces Great Pagoda Array was still active, he couldn’t escape without it first being opened.

Once he gave the command, a crack appeared on the Grand Array, and Di Wu immediately charged at it like lightning.

But when it came to speed, none could match Yang Kai.

Di Wu felt his sight blur for a moment before he saw Yang Kai already blocking the opening while looking down at him.

This scene stunned the Black Ink Disciples and Territory Lords managing the Great Array, and they didn’t know what to do.

With this strong opponent blocking his only path of escape, Di Wu steeled himself and gathered all his strength to form a Black Ink Cloud before charging at Yang Kai.

Yang Kai lifted his hands, and a Great Sun ascended into the sky as a Golden Crow cawed.

At the same time, the Full Moon rose into the air, bathing the world in its icy glow.

The mysterious scene of the Sun and Moon rising together reappeared, and Yang Kai stood below them like a deity.

Both Yang Kai’s trump cards of borrowing strength from the Ancestral Land and the Small Stone Race Army were just external aids, while the one he displayed right now was wholly his own.

Sun and Moon Divine Wheel!

That was a Secret Technique only Yang Kai could perform because it was the extreme fusion of both the Dao of Space and Dao of Time. Even though Zhao Ye Bai and Xu Yi could also stimulate the mysterious Space-Time Strength, they were still two individuals and could never truly comprehend the essence of this esoteric power.

Since Yang Kai had first comprehended this Secret Technique, he had used it many times in battle against enemies he couldn’t defeat through conventional means, and it had not disappointed him before.

However, he had never been able to call upon it so smoothly and with such ease as he did today.

Before now, his attainments in the Dao of Space had always been higher than his attainments in the Dao of Time. Even though he could still use the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel, since one of the two Grand Daos that it was formed from was stronger than the other, the technique had always been unbalanced. It was only after he came to the Ancestral Land this time and his attainments in both Grand Daos reached a balance that something had changed.

The Sun and Moon began orbiting around Yang Kai as Time and Space Principles permeated the air. These two Principle Strengths then began fusing together, creating a new Space-Time Strength. Everything happened incredibly smoothly.

It was only at this moment that Yang Kai gained an epiphany. Time and space were originally two interdependent Principles, so when they fused and integrated, they were just returning to their natural state. Space without Time was like a tree without roots, or a river without a source, and Time without Space was only a vast emptiness that had no substance to it.

Time was the imprint of space, and space was the carrier and root of time.

After millennia of studying and comprehending both the Dao of Time and the Dao of Space, Yang Kai was finally showing signs of gaining true understanding and mastery of them.

This newfound enlightenment had immediate tangible benefits in how the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel manifested.

Originally, the Sun and Moon Divine Wheel took the form of a Great Sun and the Full Moon rapidly spiralling towards each other as they shot forth, blasting out waves of Space-Time Strength as they flew forward.

But now that Yang Kai had gained a deeper understanding of Space-Time, the Sun and Moon were able to fuse entirely and turned into a mysterious Seal that was one half Great Sun and one half Full Moon.

This Seal was not nearly as dazzling and awe-inspiring as the original Sun and Moon Divine Wheel but it was actually far more profound as it had condensed all the power which had been blasting out into a single point. With unstoppable momentum, the Seal fiercely slammed into the Black Ink Cloud that Di Wu was hiding within.