Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5646: Collect Some Interest

This battle had been going on for thousands of years, its two combatants evenly matched.

The only one who could stand up to a Black Ink Giant Spirit God was a true Giant Spirit God. From what Yang Kai saw, these two Giant Spirit Gods, who had been fighting for many years, would simply fight on for the rest of eternity if no external factors were introduced.

Yang Kai watched them silently for a while, but did not bother them. Then, he turned his attention to the other Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

This Black Ink Giant Spirit God was seated and slightly hunched over. Its lofty figure obscured the large void with one of its arms poking through the boundary wall. This arm was being locked down on the Wind Mist Territory side by the two Ninth-Orders Masters, rendering it immobile.

Originally, it had many wounds caused by the Human Masters and the Dragon and Phoenix Clan Leaders during the Barren Territory Battle. Black Ink Strength oozed like thick mucus from those wounds; however, after all these years, the wounds on its body had been healed significantly and were no longer such a gory sight.

[Its injuries were slowly recovering!]

Yang Kai was astonished. All Black Ink Clansmen, even Royal Lords, had to enter a Black Ink Nest to recover from serious injuries, but it seemed the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were exceptions to this rule.

Although the speed of healing looked slow, it was indeed healing.

Supreme Masters clearly could not be judged using common knowledge. When this Black Ink Giant Spirit God was being suppressed and sealed in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, its aura had been completely wiped away by the omnipresent Ancestral Strength. A few years after it resurrected, when Yang Kai saw it next after he sent off Wu Kuang, this Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s aura had clearly decreased again after suffering the final attacks of the top Human and Divine Spirit Masters. Now, however, there were no longer any severe injuries on its body and its aura was stronger. It was clear that this strange creation could heal itself.

Seemingly sensing Yang Kai’s prying eyes, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, who had its eyes shut to recuperate, suddenly opened them and turned its head to look at him.

Invisible oppression instantly weighed down heavily on Yang Kai’s shoulders causing him to feel dwarfed by the giant.

The cultivation of an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master was a far cry from that of a Giant Spirit God!

This was not the first time Yang Kai found himself in such a situation. When this Black Ink Giant Spirit God was revived in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, Yang Kai had tried to outmanoeuvre it. He even tried to sink it into the Void, but ultimately, he was powerless to do anything to it.

Yang Kai steeled himself before he started organizing something in his Small Universe.

In the distant void, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God seemed to snicker lightly before it stopped paying attention to him.

To it, this insect was no more dangerous than a common fly, there was no need to pay any attention to it. What was an Eight-Order Master? It did not even bat an eyelid about Ninth-Order Old Ancestors and could only be restrained by 20 such Masters.

Yang Kai slowly closed his eyes. Moments later, they opened again and he shouted loudly, “Greetings Old Ancestors!”

His voice reached Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and Wu Qing, who were sitting in Wind Mist Territory, the arm of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God trapped between them like a wall.

Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao quickly called out, “Yang Kai, you’re in the Barren Territory?”

“Yes!” Yang Kai replied as he opened his Small Universe portal and began to summon a Small Stone Race Army.

When he was in the Ancestral Land, he had given several former Black Ink Disciples some 25 million Small Stone Race Soldiers, but he still had a few million left within him.

However, those Small Stone Race Soldiers that he had retained did not include any of the 1,000-metre Masters. They were all ordinary Small Stone Race soldiers who could not play too big a role in a battle against top Masters. However, for him, they were still the best assistants available.

“What are you doing over there?” Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao asked curiously, “What is the situation of the Human Race right now?”

Yang Kai continued to summon more Small Stone Race Soldiers and was soon surrounded by a vast Army, all while communicating, “The situation is quite stable, Old Ancestors do not need to worry about anything. I’m here… to collect some interest from the Black Ink Clan.” Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

“Collect interest?” Wu Qing asked curiously.

Yang Kai bellowed, “Two Old Ancestors, please be careful!”

“What are you going to do?” In Wind Mist Territory, Wu Qing suddenly had a bad premonition. He glanced at Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao, and both of them became alert and raised their guard.

In the Barren Territory, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God also frowned and watched Yang Kai’s movements closely.

Yang Kai raised his arm, before swinging it down. Afterwards, a 2 million strong Small Stone Race Army swarmed towards the Black Ink Giant Spirit God like locusts. They did not fear death even in the face of such an overwhelming enemy like the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

Their sentience was low, and their nature was to grow by devouring materials; thus, they did not fear death. Death was just another part of life to them.

The advantage was that they were unmoving in the face of fear, but the disadvantage was they were not flexible. Once a Small Stone Race member died in battle however, their remains would be left behind where they fell.

This kind of swarm attack was most suitable against the Black Ink Giant Spirit God who was immobile.

The 2 million Small Stone Race Army reached the Black Ink Giant Spirit God in a matter of breaths. Even two million such soldiers, however, were insignificant compared to the giant.

It was like a swarm of mosquitoes buzzing around an elephant, annoying, but not of any real threat.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s vast Black Ink Strength emerged from its body at that moment. Even Royal Lords and Pseudo-Royal Lords were incomparable to it.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God did not know what Yang Kai was up to, but it would not let him just sit there and let him do whatever he pleased.

The rich Black Ink Strength enveloped the Small Stone Race Army like a tidal wave, and in the blink of an eye, receded again to reveal all 2 million Small Stone Race Soldiers had perished without a single injury.

Even Yang Kai did not know how the Black Ink Giant Spirit God killed them.

“That’s it?” Black Ink Giant Spirit God finally asked smugly.

The two marks on the back of Yang Kai’s hand began to heat up and he said fiercely, “No, this is!”

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s smile instantly froze.

The marks glowed yellow and blue, filled the void and then mingled with each other.

The Black Ink tide, which had just receded, surged outwards again, this time in a much more aggressive manner.

In the blink of an eye, a pure white light began to bloom into a huge white Sun.

This mass of pure white light was 10 times more intense than the one Yang Kai tossed out in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land. The light not only enveloped the Void, but it also enveloped the huge body of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

The sacrifice of a mere 2 million Small Stone Race Soldiers naturally could not achieve such results. When Yang Kai was in the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land, he sacrificed 3 million, but the result was less than 10% of the current power.

The reason for this huge difference was that Yang Kai had made preparations this time. He distributed a massive amount of Yellow and Blue Crystals to the Small Stone Race members before summoning them.

This time, the sacrifice was not only the residual power of the fallen 2 million Small Stone Race Soldiers, but also a literal mountain of Yellow and Blue Crystals.

In one move, Yang Kai had consumed 40% of the supplies Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan had prepared for him this time.

With such a huge amount of materials invested, the results were remarkable.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God was soon engulfed and the Purifying Light began seeping into its body. Black Ink Strength was quickly dispersed and vaporized both inside and outside of it.

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God roared in a rage and struggled violently.

In Wind Mist Territory, Xiao Xiao and Wu Qing finally understood why Yang Kai warned them to be careful.

The two of them had been stuck here for around 3,000 years and had been working together to pin down one of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s arms with a joint Secret Technique. Normally, the two of them would not be strong enough to do this; however, when the arm of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had broken through the boundary wall, that meant that they were fighting with Black Ink Giant Spirit God across Great Territories. The Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s power was greatly weakened by its circumstances, so the two Old Ancestors were able to remain safe and stable.

However, at this moment, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God began to struggle madly as it was suffering in agony due to the Purifying Light. The first thing it wanted to do was to pull its arm back to wipe away the light and crush Yang Kai, who was the orchestrator of its misery.

The chains clattered on the huge mountain-like arm, and boundless Black Ink Strength began to surge wildly, as it tried to break free from the chains.

Wu Qing and Xiao Xiao’s expressions changed dramatically as they spared no effort to enhance their Secret Techniques to keep it restrained.

Over these years, the two Old Ancestors had constantly been reinforcing their Secret Technique; otherwise, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God could have broken out of it long ago.

Even so, the two were under a lot of pressure to ensure that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God did not escape, so they were now surprised and relieved by what Yang Kai was doing.

They were surprised at how Yang Kai was able to cause the Black Ink Giant Spirit God so much agony, while they were relieved that the new generation of Humans was so talented that an Eighth-Order Junior had the means to hurt a Black Ink Giant Spirit God to such an extent.

The pure white star exploded after a dozen breaths of time before it slowly dissipated.

To Old Ancestors Xiao Xiao and Wu Qing, it seemed like they had spent thousands of years engaged in a brutal battle…

When everything calmed down, the two looked at each other and each saw the sweat and fear on the other’s forehead when they realized part of the chains had broken into countless pieces. They panicked and quickly rushed to repair them.

Of course, they knew that if Black Ink Giant Spirit God really wanted to get out of this trap, it could do so at any moment by sacrificing its arm. Fortunately, it did not seem things had come to that point yet.

Losing an arm would not affect a Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s life in the long run, but its strength would diminish significantly. The Black Ink Giant Spirit God would not accept such humiliation unless absolutely necessary.

In the Barren Territory, Yang Kai’s face was calm as he quietly looked at the huge figure that was still shrouded in a white afterglow.