Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5651: Probe

There was more than one Royal Lord at the No-Return Pass! In addition to the one lured out by him, there was another one lurking in the shadows.

Yang Kai even felt that this Royal Lord’s aura was somewhat familiar. It was as if they had met somewhere previously.

Yang Kai did not have time to ponder over the issue as he poured even more strength into the Great Sun as he thrust his spear towards the Territory Lord. The huge Black Ink Cloud instantly disintegrated as if the powerful Innate Territory Lord was struck by lightning. He spurted black blood and flew out even faster than he emerged, his body completely charred.

He was severely wounded in just one blow.

He had heard about Yang Kai’s ability to kill his fellow Territory Lords in just three moves but believed all that was hearsay and rumours. Now that he was on the receiving end of this killing star, he realized just how powerless he was.

How could such a Master be born among the Human Race?

The only thing the Territory Lord was glad about at this moment was that Yang Kai did not cast his Soul Secret Technique, otherwise he was certain he would already be dead.

The shockwave from the clash soon hit the High-Rank Black Ink Nest below, causing all the Black Ink Clan’s nerves to tense up.

However, the impact was not too powerful, and the Black Ink Nest remained unharmed.

Nearby Territory Lords who had formed a Four Symbols Formation rushed towards Yang Kai while the Royal Lord’s aura was also approaching rapidly. He would be in grave danger if he was to engage four Territory Lords and a Royal Lord.

Furthermore, the moment he attacked the Black Ink Nest, he sensed that more than 10 Territory Lords were flying over from all directions, each holding an Array Banner in their hands. From the way they positioned themselves, it was obvious that they were going to set up the Heaven Sealing Earth Locking Array.

The Black Ink Clan’s response was truly swift, as if they had rehearsed it countless times. No matter which direction Yang Kai attacked from, he would be vulnerable to this trap.

Yang Kai knew that this was no time to dwell on the Territory Lords who had formed a Battle Formation. He had no way to deal with them quickly unless he activated the Soul Rending Thorns; however, that would only damage his Soul and force him to withdraw for an extended time.

It would be suicidal if he lost control again like what happened back in the Ancestral Land.

Thus, he made a quick decision and thrust his spear fiercely at the Black Ink Nest below before immediately surging Space Principles to leave using Instantaneous Movement.

The four Territory Lords who had formed the Battle Formation had already sprinted to the fight, but Yang Kai still disappeared right before their eyes. Mo Na Ye also stopped in place and stared in disbelief. The Territory Lords who were holding up the Array Banners were still getting into position as they had yet to notice Yang Kai had already escaped.

Only the Territory Lord who was wounded by Yang Kai’s Golden Crow Casts the Sun, roared angrily. Disregarding his own serious injuries, he rammed himself at the spear shadow that Yang Kai left behind.

This spear shadow would surely hit the High-Rank Black Ink Nest if he did not block it with his body…

His heart was filled with grief and rage, but there was nothing more he could do. He barely managed to condense a Black Ink Cloud before being run through.

He had already absorbed a killing strike from Yang Kai, and now was forced to take a second. No Territory Lord was unluckier than him today and he finally understood why it was said that Innate Territory Lords could be killed by Yang Kai in just three moves!

He might have lasted longer if he was in a direct fight with Yang Kai and there were no distractions, but the result would not have been much better.

With such an injury, it would take him at least a few hundred years of hibernation and recuperation to recover.

“Stop him!” Mo Na Ye suddenly roared in a certain direction.

Though Yang Kai disappeared using Instantaneous Movement, he did not move too far away; instead, he appeared on the opposite side of the No-Return Pass where another High-Rank Black Ink Nest lay and launched an attack.

There were also Territory Lords guarding these Nests, so when they heard Mo Na Ye’s order and felt Yang Kai’s aura, they did not hesitate, rushing out from their hiding place as their auras quickly linked together.

Yang Kai did not even look at them and just as he had previously done, he summoned a spear, raised the Great Sun as the Golden Crow shrieked, and blasted it towards the High-Rank Black Ink Nest.

This time, no Territory Lord was rushing out of the Black Ink Nest to block it. The Great Sun flew towards the Black Ink Nest while Mo Na Ye, who was rushing over, instantly roared furiously, “Courting death!”

He ordered the four Territory Lords nearby, “Protect the Nest!”

The four Territory Lords hastily activated their Secret Techniques to intercept the Great Sun and managed to land some impacts on the Great Sun, causing its light to dim and its course to be thrown off.

It was just in time as the Great Sun broke apart and, though the Black Ink Nest shook a few times, it remained safe and sound.

All from the Black Ink Clansmen heaved a sigh of relief as Mo Na Ye dashed towards Yang Kai as fast as he could. The four Territory Lords in Formation had not reached Yang Kai and were trying to pin him down.

They did not need to hold him for too long, just a few breaths would be enough for Mo Na Ye to arrive.

Yang Kai would naturally not give them this opportunity and used Space Principles to disappear again, only to appear at a different location.

A Great Sun rose into the sky as the Golden Crow reappeared…

All the Territory Lords suddenly felt exhausted while Mo Na Ye felt overwhelmed. Facing such an unpredictable opponent, they found they could not restrict his movements and trap him regardless of how many experts they had. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

All the Territory Lords were basically like puppets that Yang Kai could manipulate at will. When Yang Kai went east, all of them headed east. When Yang Kai went west, all of them went west.

Furthermore, Yang Kai was so strong that the Territory Lords had to form a Four Symbols Formation before they even dared to take him on.

Time and time again, Yang Kai flickered around the No-Return Pass, summoning one Great Sun after another and causing huge explosions wherever he went.

Each time he tried to destroy a Black Ink Nest though, his attack would be intercepted or disrupted by the nearby Territory Lords. This could not be helped as there were just too many Territory Lords in the No-Return Pass. No matter which direction he went, there were always Territory Lords to block him.

Mo Na Ye also played a big role by coordinating them.

However, Yang Kai’s purpose had already been achieved.

These multiple attempts to destroy High-Rank Black Ink Nests were not just about trying to cause damage but were also to check if there were other Royal Lords hidden here.

The answer was no!

If there really was a third Royal Lord, he would not be able to resist coming out to fight Yang Kai after he repeatedly attacked so many Black Ink Nests.

If there was another Royal Lord, when supplemented by the many Territory Lords, they would have a far better chance to take him down.

Thus, Yang Kai’s previous assumptions about the Black Ink Clan’s creation of Royal Lords were not too far off.

The Black Ink Clan indeed had some means to create Royal Lords, but the price to pay was far too great; so, under normal circumstances, they would refrain from doing this unless absolutely necessary.

Over the years, the Black Ink Clan did not use such means and only created Di Wu as Yang Kai had been in a kind of trance as he cultivated in the Ancestral Land.

Now, the Black Ink Clan had created another one for some reason, perhaps to guard against Yang Kai causing trouble at the No-Return Pass.

The Royal Lord he lured out should be returning soon, so there was no time for Yang Kai to dwell on the issue.

This time, Yang Kai did not disappear immediately after launching his initial attack. Instead, he rushed towards a High-Rank Black Ink Nest with his spear.

Mo Na Ye’s pupils suddenly constricted and he yelled from afar, “Yang Kai, you dare?!”

Yang Kai laughed and roared, “Open your eyes and see if I dare!”

The four nearby Territory Lords were so dumbfounded that Yang Kai easily slipped around their Battle Formation and reached the top of Black Ink Nest.

“Kill him!” Mo Na Ye yelled again.

The four Territory Lords reacted almost on instinct and each blasted Yang Kai with their Secret Techniques.

The void was violently shaken by the intense power and the majestic Black Ink Nest disintegrated from the subsequent explosion. The faces of the Black Ink Clansmen turned pale as they looked at the crumbling Black Ink Nest in disbelief. Mo Na Ye raged furiously until his eyes were bloodshot and he used a special technique to boost his speed.

Yang Kai stood amid the collapsing Black Ink Nest as blood trickled from the corner of his lips. He was injured by the four Territory Lord’s attacks. Before he could steady himself though, a beam of Black Ink Strength furiously shot at him from afar.

Yang Kai’s body was now covered with fine Dragon Scales, so he did not panic in the face of this terrifying attack. Drawing World Force from his Small Universe to protect himself, he thrust out his spear.

The explosion and shock waves spread out. Yang Kai rode the shockwaves out as his fine Dragon Scales bristled in a golden light, though they quickly dimmed and he spat out a mouthful of Golden Blood.

His defence was barely able to absorb the Royal Lord’s angry blow. Yang Kai was lucky that his Dragon Form had become far more powerful than before and was just a step away from becoming a Divine Dragon. His physique was far more resistant to such attacks than previously.

The aura of the Royal Lord who had been lured away by Yang Kai appeared in the distance at that moment and was approaching rapidly.

Just in time!

While risking serious injury, Yang Kai wanted to send a message to the Black Ink Clan that one Royal Lord alone was insufficient to stop him from destroying the Black Ink Nests here.

Yang Kai surged his Space Principles and used Instantaneous Movement but did not go too far, he moved just 1 million kilometres out before he turned around to look towards the No-Return Pass.

The Territory Lords were about to chase, but Mo Na Ye raised his hand and warned, “Don’t pursue him!”

The Territory Lords actually heaved a sigh of relief and settled down.

When the Royal Lord returned, he sensed Yang Kai’s aura from afar, but did not move towards him as he knew doing so was futile.

He looked around to assess the situation at the No-Return Pass and his mood instantly became very gloomy.

Two High-Rank Black Ink Nests were destroyed! A Black Ink Nest was destroyed even though Mo Na Ye was here at the No-Return Pass. He was very upset about this.

He expected to see Mo Na Ye and the Territory Lords besieging Yang Kai when he returned, but it turned out to only be wishful thinking.

Sensing the Royal Lord’s displeasure, Mo Na Ye could only bow and apologize for what had happened.

The Royal Lord did not say a word, as although he was very angry, he still understood Mo Na Ye had done his best. Facing an enemy like Yang Kai, even he was not certain he could have done better under the circumstances.