Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5655: Good Deal

A full six months later, somewhere in the void, Mo Na Ye stood, looking extremely angry and upset. Anyone who had been made to dance like a puppet on strings would feel equally moody.

Behind him, several Innate Territory Lords sensed his anger spilling over and threatening to engulf them. In order not to incur his wrath, they kept silent and stayed as far from him as possible.

Behind them were 1,200 Black Ink Disciples gathered in various scattered groups and areas, looking confused and disorganized.

It had been half a year since Mo Na Ye set off from the No-Return Pass with the 1,200 Black Ink Disciples and the supplies he had prepared. In this half a year, Yang Kai repeatedly changed the location for the transaction eight times. Furthermore, there were times that he made Mo Na Ye wait for dozens of days without any updates. Mo Na Ye was furious, but could not do anything about it.

He could understand Yang Kai being cautious and suspicious as the Royal Lord had already instructed Mo Na Ye to seize any opportunity to kill this pest.

However, with Yang Kai being so cautious, how could Black Ink Clan have any chance to do anything?

If Mo Na Ye wanted to take action against Yang Kai, he had to first set up the Four Gates Eight Palaces Great Pagoda Array so that he could trap him in place.

The Black Ink Clan had no way to arrange anything in advance though as Yang Kai repeatedly changed the meeting location.

Thus, Mo Na Ye no longer held any hope of taking Yang Kai down…

The Black Ink Clan was being sincere to Yang Kai, but he still treated them like vicious bandits, which frustrated Mo Na Ye.

He decided that if Yang Kai changed the meeting location again, he would return to the No-Return Pass with the Black Ink Disciples and supplies.

Suddenly, ripples appeared in the void and Yang Kai appeared like a ghost. Before he appeared, neither the Innate Territory Lords nor Mo Na Ye felt Yang Kai’s aura.

This Space Secret Technique alone rendered the Black Ink Clan somewhat powerless to deal with him.

“It’s been a long time,” Yang Kai said as soon as he appeared. He had randomly and hastily decided to meet here, so the Black Ink Clan couldn’t set up the traps in advance. Additionally, he had secretly surveyed the vicinity with his Demon Eye of Annihilation to ensure there were no hidden dangers before showing up.

“Sir Yang is quite cautious,” Mo Na Ye replied grouchily. He could be considered mild-tempered among the Black Ink Clan, but now he was thoroughly incensed by Yang Kai’s behaviour.

Yang Kai said frostily, “What’s wrong with being cautious? Enough nonsense, where are the supplies?”

Mo Na Ye kept a straight face and threw out a few Space Rings. Before Yang Kai caught them, he used his Divine Sense to check them for hidden traps and ensure that there were no problems.

Each Space Ring was filled with resources and materials of various qualities and Elements. The amount in each Space Ring was enough to allow a top Second Class Sect to sustain itself for 1,000 years.

The amount and quality of the supplies was undeniably large.

Yang Kai clicked his tongue and snickered, “The Black Ink Clan’s assets are truly remarkable.” Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

This wasn’t a surprise though as the Human Race were stuck in just over a dozen Great Territories while everywhere else was fully controlled by the Black Ink Clan. What’s more, the Black Ink Clan did not care how they mined for resources as even destroying Universe Worlds meant nothing to them.

The 3,000 Worlds of today was being fully exploited for its resources. After mining whatever they could, the Black Ink Clan simply allowed the various Universe Worlds to crumble into Universe Fragments.

“Here are the 1,200 Black Ink Disciples. Sir Yang, please inspect them. If these are acceptable, we will leave now.” Mo Na Ye urged him to accept the compensation so that he could leave and not have to deal with Yang Kai any further.

“They will do,” Yang Kai did not bother to check, not because he trusted the Black Ink Clan, but rather because he had already inspected these 1,200 Black Ink Disciples before showing up. There were exactly 100 Seventh-Order Black Ink Disciples as agreed upon, while the rest were of various Orders and strengths.

“In that case, goodbye!” Mo Na Ye cupped his fist and led the Territory Lords, who had constantly been on guard, to leave.

Yang Kai saw them off warmly, “This has been a happy cooperation. I hope there will be more such cooperation in the future!”

Mo Na Ye paused momentarily and could not help but curse to himself, [There will never be another time! If there is a next time, it will be you delivering your head to me!]

After Yang Kai watched the Black Ink Clan Masters fade into the distance, he turned to look at the 1,200 Black Ink Disciples, but as soon as he did, someone shouted, “Disperse!”

1,200 people turned into 1,200 streams of light in an instant, scattering in all directions.

Yang Kai entirely failed to stifle his laughter as he knew that the Black Ink Clan would not be so honest. It turned out that this was what they were up to.

If he were a regular Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, there would be nothing he could do in the face of such a situation. At best, some of these Black Ink Disciples would be captured, but probably 90% of them would be able to escape.

However, with Yang Kai being here, what the Black Ink Clan did was pointless and doomed to fail.

The moment the 1,200 streams of light shot in all directions, the void suddenly thrummed and solidified. The streams of light all faded to reveal the Black Ink Disciples who were now frozen in place, none of them able to move, each with a different expression on their face.

Yang Kai stepped forward, and as soon as he walked past each of the Black Ink Disciples, they would disappear.

Each of the Black Ink Disciples reappeared in Yang Kai’s Small Universe and was immediately enveloped by a mass of Purifying Light which began to dispel the Black Ink Strength in their bodies and returned them to their original selves.

In a short time, all 1,200 Black Ink Disciples were taken in.

Yang Kai took a long look in the direction of the No-Return Pass before turning around and disappearing into the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield.

A short while later, he arrived at a secret place and established a connection to the World Tree.

With the power of the World Tree, Yang Kai shuttled through the void and soon arrived at the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary where he stood below the World Tree.

The Old Tree still had the same old look, with almost all the World Fruits still on the tree being the ones corresponding to the Universe Worlds that Yang Kai had refined and saved at the beginning of the invasion. There were also World Fruits corresponding to several Universe Worlds in High Heaven Territory and the New Great Territory.

As for the other World Fruits, they had all fallen off.

On some of the branches of the Old Tree, there was a trace of Black Qi.

“Thank you, Old Tree.” Yang Kai bowed and saluted.

The Old Tree did not show its face, choosing to just shake slightly.

Yang Kai identified the World Fruit that corresponded to the Star Boundary and shot towards it. The World Fruit rapidly enlarged in his eyes as a familiar aura came towards him. Before he knew it, Yang Kai was already standing above the Star Boundary.

He stepped forward and appeared in High Heaven Palace next, where a familiar Divine Sense immediately swept over, though it was withdrawn as soon as it scanned him. One of the Great Emperors stationed at the Star Boundary noticed that someone had entered it; however, once they identified that it was Yang Kai, they knew that he was not here to cause trouble.

This time, it appeared to be Ice Feather Great Emperor who was stationed at the Star Boundary. Yang Kai did not have many interactions with this Great Emperor and thus was not too familiar with him.

Yang Kai’s Divine Sense swept over the Spirit Peak where his parents lived, and found that the old couple were happily teaching some young disciples.

With the Black Ink Clan invading the 3,000 Worlds, no one could avoid joining the war effort. In fact, Yang Kai’s parents had applied to join the Army several times; however, High Heaven Palace always refused to allow them to go, claiming that they could contribute most by teaching the next generation of disciples.

Naturally, no one, save for Yang Kai’s parents themselves, raised any complaints about this.

Yang Kai had made many invaluable contributions to the war over the years. In fact, if not for Yang Kai, the Human Race might have lost long ago. His Wives, Adopted Son, and Little Sister were all fighting on the frontlines as well.

Since his parents were not that strong, and there was a high probability of something happening to them if they went to the battlefield, the higher-ups all tacitly agreed to keep them out of the fighting; after all, how could they explain to Yang Kai if something happened to them? Also, who would dare to say anything if his parents remained in the Star Boundary?

Without bothering his parents, Yang Kai called Hua Qing Si and asked about the situation in the Star Boundary. He also asked about the New Great Territory, the Myriad Monsters World.

He learned that everything was fine here at the Star Boundary and the Myriad Monsters World was also doing well. The World Tree clone was showing its power and after thousands of years of nurturing, many rising stars from the Myriad Monsters World had directly broken through to the Fifth, Sixth, and even Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

A Monster King had been recognized by the Myriad Monsters World’s Will and been named the first Great Emperor with the title Thunder Shadow. He left the Myriad Monsters World with some Human companions and had now made a name for himself on the various battlefields.

Nowadays, there were several Great Emperors of the Myriad Monsters World. In addition to the original Monster Race Great Emperor with the title of Thunder Shadow, there was one more from the Monster Race and two Humans who had been certified as Great Emperors.

The Myriad Monsters World Bottle still had positions open, so both Monsters and Humans were eager to attain the World’s acknowledgement and seize this position for themselves.

This was not only a matter of honour and prestige of course, as anyone who obtained the Great Emperor position would see a dramatic increase in their speed of cultivation while in Myriad Monsters World, allowing them to grow stronger more rapidly than their peers.

As for the Human Race as a whole, everyone, from the Supreme Commander to the ordinary soldiers could feel the stress of the approaching storm. Everyone knew that in the near future the peace between the Humans and the Black Ink Clan would break down completely and a battle to the death would begin.

Once that happened, only the strong would be able to protect themselves.

On the whole, the expectations of the Human Race were high but filled with potential.

“Have Xiao’er and Xue’er sent any messages back?” Yang Kai asked casually.

Hua Qing Si pursed her lips and said, “Yang Xiao did send back a message. He said that the Palace Master had caused them a lot of trouble. Now, they are constantly being hunted by the Black Ink Clan. Whenever their whereabouts are exposed, they are bound to be pursued. It has taken them a lot of effort to repel the enemy.”

Yang Kai chuckled heartily and said, “It looks like they’re having a good time, I can rest assured then.”

This was probably due to the ‘final lesson’ that Yang Kai gave his three Disciples in Azure Sun Territory. Although Yang Xiao, Yang Xue and the others were not present at the time, the Black Ink Clan had sources of information. They would be able to find out about Yang Xiao and Yang Xue’s relationship with Yang Kai and naturally wanted to handle them.

Yang Kai was not too worried about their safety of course. These little ones had all become Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, so as long as they worked together and joined forces to defend themselves, the Black Ink Clan, though strong, should not be able to harm them.