Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5663, Mighty

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Mi Jing Lun knew his own limits. With his abilities, there was no way he could open such a large portal and take the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress into his Small Universe.

The reason why the Ninth-Order Old Ancestors gave up on those Great Passes outside of the No-Return Pass was not because their Small Universes couldn’t bear the volume of a Great Pass; rather, they could not open a large enough and stable enough portal to receive something so massive. Trying to force such a heavy object into their Small Universe would be very damaging even to an Old Ancestor. At that time, the Human Race was in a critical situation, and every bit of an Old Ancestor’s strength was precious; thus, although the Great Passes were precious, they had to abandon them at the No-Return Pass, benefiting the Black Ink Clan.

Although the Great Passes were abandoned, each of their Cores was removed. The Core used to build the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress was one of the Cores brought back from the No-Return Pass.

Mi Jing Lun was now curious as to what Yang Kai would do to bring the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress away.

Not only was he curious, but all the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters of the Suppressing Black Ink Army were exchanging puzzled looks. They knew that Yang Kai was powerful and the heritage of his Small Universe was much deeper than the average Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master; however, no one knew how much more powerful he was exactly. This time may be an opportunity for them to gain some new insight.

Of course, Yang Kai had no intention of opening his Small Universe portal as he had other ideas about how to bring the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress away, rather than shoving it into his Small Universe.

Even for Yang Kai, there would be great risk trying to force such a heavy object into his Small Universe. Even if he could open a portal big enough to fit the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress through, the strain produced when actually trying to do so might crack his Small Universe, significantly damaging his heritage.

As such, the next moment, Yang Kai surged his Space Principles. The world thrummed as space rippled.

The Suppressing Black Ink Fortress was at the centre of these ripples and soon began to blur and distort, like a disturbed reflection in the surface of the water.

It became increasingly blurred with time until even the Eighth-Order Masters could not make out the original appearance of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress. It felt as though the layers of the Void were warping around it, obscuring their vision.

Among those present, cultivators such as Zhao Ye Bai, who also cultivated the Dao of Space, showed looks of both surprise and admiration. It was obvious that they could tell what was happening.

This was clearly a clever method of using Space Principles. It was difficult for those who had not cultivated the Dao of Space to clearly tell what was happening.

“Rise!” Yang Kai suddenly shouted and pointed his hand at the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress.

In an instant, the Void where the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress was located, including the land, floated up, as if there was a giant, invisible spade that had dug it out.

Mi Jing Lun was dumbfounded and could not believe his eyes.

Only cultivators who had cultivated the Dao of Space could do this and it was difficult for anyone else to emulate it.

It seemed Yang Kai had no intention to put the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress into his Small Universe; instead, he planned on cutting this whole space away and…

By now, Mi Jing Lun had an idea of what Yang Kai was going to do.

As expected, Space Principles continued to undulate. The large piece of Space that had been cut away continued to tremble, and with each tremor, the Space seemed to shrink down.

After a full hour of constantly trembling and shrinking, the entire isolated space was now about the size of a table. It looked like a pure and flawless glass sphere which had the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress sitting inside of it.

Such a glass could be called a Universe Fragment, but it was not formed naturally. It was refined by Yang Kai directly.

Yang Kai had successfully refined entire Universe Worlds into World Beads, so cutting off a piece of Space and refining it into such an orb was not a big deal to him.

If he continued, he could shrink it even further, but this was enough for now.

The round table-sized glass was casually thrown into his Small Universe; thereafter, he took out a Purifying Black Ink Battleship, and shouted, “Board!”

Everyone embarked on the Purifying Black Ink Battleship and went about operating it without Yang Kai having to give any instructions.

Yang Kai stood on the deck, cupped his fist to Mi Jing Lun, and called out, “Senior Brother Mi, I’ll give them a ride. I’ll trouble Senior Brothers to handle the rest over here.”

Mi Jing Lun returned the salute and said, “May you all have a safe journey ahead and a swift return!”

“Let’s go!” Yang Kai waved forward and the Purifying Black Ink Battleship buzzed and immediately turned into a stream of light, heading straight for the Territory Gate.

Mi Jing Lun stared in the direction of the Purifying Black Ink Battleship’s departure until the huge Warship disappeared from view, a certain sense of solemnity covering his face.

There was no telling how many, if any of these 6,000 soldiers could come back alive.

Turning back, the space that had been cut was filled with Void Turbulence and would likely take many years to fully heal itself.

Mi Jing Lun again turned his head to look in a certain direction, bowed and saluted respectfully as he said, “It’s done. While there is no need to remain here, the time is still not ripe yet. Old Ancestor, please continue to wait.”

“Sure!” A response sounded in his ear, though he could not tell how the Old Ancestor did this.

Nonetheless, Mi Jing Lun did not stay long and soon departed. For the first time in 1,000 years, this whole place fell silent.

After passing through the Territory Gate, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship crossed the battlefield and attracted the attention of the Black Ink Clan Armies, all of them wondering what the Humans were up to with this single Warship sailing forward. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Naturally, Black Ink Clansmen were shocked when they took a look inside the ship.

There were hundreds of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters gathered openly on this ship…

Even in the current situation, hundreds of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters gathered in one place was enough to cause a lot of damage to the Black Ink Clan. Soon, news of this discovery would be transmitted in all directions via the Black Ink Nests and the constant fighting on the original battlefield calmed down for a while.

Naturally, the Black Ink Clansmen quickly went into hiding until the Purifying Black Ink Battleship left the current Great Territory Battlefield.

Yang Kai had already informed everyone of the goal of their trip; thus, the Eighth-Order Masters were excited that they would be crossing the No-Return Pass this time.

Among the 400 Eighth-Order Masters, only a few had seen the majesty of the No-Return Pass, while rising stars like Su Yan and Yang Xiao had never been to the No-Return Pass, let alone the Black Ink Battlefield.

They had long heard about the final line of defence of the Human Race, the Black Ink Battlefield, and how the Grand Army was defeated there.

Yang Xiao, who was eager for a fight, was thinking about whether the Black Ink Clan would try to stop them at the No-Return Pass. If they did, the 400 Eighth-Order Masters and his Adoptive Father could defeat them and retake the Great Pass from the Black Ink Clan, which would be a great achievement!

It was a pity that Old Fang was not with them; otherwise, he could experience the excitement of this journey!

The Purifying Black Ink Battleship crossed one Great Territory after another, with the Black Ink Clan keeping a watchful eye on it from afar as Yang Kai and the others could not hide their movements from the Black Ink Clan.

Meanwhile, the No-Return Pass went on high alert, because the route of this Purifying Black Ink Battleship seemed to be heading straight for them.

It was not the hundreds of Eighth-Order Masters who they were worried about though. They were most concerned with the presence of the killing star on the Purifying Black Ink Battleship, Yang Kai. Both the Royal Lord and Mo Na Ye were particularly concerned by his presence.

The Royal Lord was still fuming about what happened when Yang Kai was here previously. Although the loss of a large amount of supplies and 1,200 Black Ink Disciples were nothing to the Black Ink Clan, the loss of face was difficult for him to stomach.

Now, Yang Kai was leading so many Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the direction of the No-Return Pass. [Does that bastard have no regard for me at all!?]

In the Main Conference Hall, Mo Na Ye remained silent as he listened to the Royal Lord’s rantings.

After finally calming down a bit, the Royal Lord asked, “Mo Na Ye, what do you think Yang Kai is up to?”

Mo Na Ye deliberated for a moment before saying, “Judging from the route of that Purifying Black Ink Battleship, it is indeed heading towards the No-Return Pass. From the reports of our scouts, they have already reached the Shattered Heaven and will soon enter the Barren Territory.”

The Royal Lord snarled furiously, “Yang Kai is really asking for it now! If he dares to come, he will not leave this place alive!”

Previously, the Royal Lord ordered his men to set up the Heaven Sealing Earth Locking Array at the Territory Gate. However, Yang Kai did not come through the Territory Gate and instead showed up from the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield. Hence, the arrangements proved useless.

Now, since Yang Kai was coming through the Territory Gate, the previous setup would work!

Mo Na Ye quickly said, “Sir, please calm your anger. Although Yang Kai is despicable, we just settled the incident of the Ancestral Land. We should not provoke him and give him an excuse to act out against us. If he was alone, there might be a chance to trap him in the Grand Array at the No-Return Pass; however, with hundreds of Eighth-Order Masters accompanying him. Even if we can trap him with the Grand Arrays, he would immediately be able to break out with so many strong helpers.”

The Royal Lord was filled with anger, but he had to admit that Mo Na Ye had a point. Even he could not take lightly the presence of hundreds of Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, and there was certainly no way the Grand Array could not trap so many powerhouses.

“Then, what should we do?” The Royal Lord asked.

Mo Na Ye asked, “Sir, do you think that Yang Kai is trying to renege on our deal after extracting so much compensation from us? Do you believe he is coming to go on another rampage at the No-Return Pass?”

“Isn’t he?”

“I can’t deny such a possibility, but I believe that Yang Kai’s objective is not the No-Return Pass this time.”

“Why do you think so?”

Mo Na Ye said, “From what I know about him, although he puts on the face of a reckless madman, he is an extremely cautious person. He is a master of the Dao of Space and can come and go as he pleases, so bringing so many Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters with him is more a burden than a benefit.”

The Royal Lord pondered about the previous times Yang Kai came to the No-Return Pass, and just as Mo Na Ye said, Yang Kai always came alone whenever possible and never acted in conjunction with anyone.

Thus, it seemed that he might not be coming to the No-Return Pass to cause trouble this time.

“Then, where is he heading?” The Royal Lord frowned.