Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5670, Divine Spirit Family Patriarch?

Translator: Silavin & VictorN

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After a few moments, the Third-Order Nine Palaces Formation had turned into the Fourth-Order Nine Palaces Formation.

The number of Small Stone Race Soldiers who made up the Formation now reached an astonishing 6,561!

It was unbelievable that one person could perfectly control more than 6,000 Small Stone Race.

Although the individual strength of the Small Stone Race participating in the Formation was generally not high, the aura of the Battle Formation at this moment made even Yang Kai feel a lot of pressure.

In other words, if he were to fight against them and did not find a way to break the Battle Formation, he might lose!

It was an astonishing feat!

With this ability alone, Zhang Ruo Xi was as valuable as any Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!

Yang Kai also saw the manifestation of the Heaven’s Order Bloodline Power once again.

Perhaps the Bloodline Power became too intense so Zhang Ruo Xi was now surrounded by a blood-coloured haze. Suddenly, at some critical point, a huge figure of a woman emerged behind her. The figure looked extremely imposing as she looked down on the world, a greatsword at the ready. As she stood quietly behind Zhang Ruo Xi, the Void trembled and an awe-inspiring pressure pervaded the surrounding space.

Yang Kai was stunned!

This figure and the memory of another extremely vague figure quickly overlapped. Although there was a difference in size, the image was too similar to ignore.

Yang Kai was so happy that he had stumbled upon this great fortune. He never expected that he would stumble across such a grand discovery during this meeting with Ruo Xi.

He was suddenly enlightened and many uncertainties in his mind became clear.

[So, that’s how it is! If that is really the case, then everything makes sense!]

The Heaven’s Order Bloodline was basically a Divine Spirit Bloodline, but it was not a Divine Spirit Bloodline in the ordinary sense.

In terms of ranking, the Heaven’s Order Bloodline was higher than all other Divine Spirit Bloodlines; thus, it was not accurate to call it the Divine Spirit’s nemesis. The Heaven’s Order Bloodline was not born to restrain Divine Spirits, it was actually from the same vein as the Divine Spirit Bloodlines, only higher up the hierarchy, which was why it could suppress all other Divine Spirit Bloodlines!

The Dragon Clan itself also had the concept of bloodline suppression, but the Dragon Clan’s bloodline suppression only affected those within the Clan or those from Monster Race too weak to resist. A Dragon Clansman with a purer Bloodline had a natural restraint on any other Dragon Clansman with a less pure Bloodline! In a fight, the strength of a Dragon Clansman with the purer Bloodline could suppress the strength of the other.

A Dragon Clan’s Bloodline may have some deterrent effect on other Divine Spirits, but it was far less obvious.

A Dragon Clan Bloodline’s ranking may be higher than that of other Divine Spirit Bloodlines, but not by much.

In this World, there were two other Divine Spirit Bloodlines that stood above the Dragon Clan.

The Burning Light and Serene Glimmer!

Technically speaking, these two were also Divine Spirits! The ancient legends stated that they were the ancestors of the Divine Spirits; however, Yang Kai knew that that was a misrepresentation after he found out the truth about the Primordial Light.

If all the Divine Spirits were considered to be in one big family, then the higher the ranking, the higher their position would be within the Divine Spirit family.

Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan could also be considered the Big Brother and Big Sister of all Divine Spirits!

This was also the reason why when Yang Kai first went to the Dragon Pool, his Great Sun and Great Moon Marks allowed him to draw in the power of the Dragon Pool and help Fu Guang break through his shackles and become a Divine Dragon.

The powers of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer and the Dragon Clan were fundamentally related. The Primordial Light first stripped its Yin and Yang Elements in the Chaotic Dead Territory, then moved to the Ancestral Land. It then transformed into thousands of lights and evolved into the first Divine Spirits.

The first time Yang Kai went to the No-Return Pass, he used the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks to completely suppress Ji Lao San, who was a Grand Dragon. He did this while he was still only in the Seventh-Order and a Grand Dragon himself. In fact, the difference in strength between them at the time was not big; however, when he used the two marks, Ji Lao San was captured by Yang Kai almost effortlessly.

Yang Kai also used the power of the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks to suppress Tao Wu when he killed the latter in Profound Nether Territory. Otherwise, Tao Wu’s Eighth-Order Divine Spirit’s strength could easily handle a Soul Rending Thorn head-on and he would not have been so easily killed!

This was basically akin to the Big Brother and Big Sister exerting their power over the Little Brother of the Divine Spirit Family!

When they learned about this, Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan would surely be overjoyed. They had been bickering for countless aeons about who was the Elder Sibling between them, so if they knew they had so many Younger Brothers and Sisters, they might not quarrel anymore and instead ‘play’ with their little siblings instead.

In such a sense, it was completely appropriate for Yang Kai as a Dragon Clan member to address them as Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan.

The Burning Light and Serene Glimmer were the Big Brother and Big Sister of the Divine Spirits Family; however, in this family, there seemed to be another high-ranking existence!

The Heaven’s Order Bloodline!

The Small Stone Race could be seen as an extension of the power of Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan so even Yang Kai had to use the two Marks to control them. This was natural because the ranking of the Dragon Clan was lower than that of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer.

On the other hand, Zhang Ruo Xi only relied on her Bloodline to precisely control thousands of Small Stone Race Soldiers to form a massively complicated Nine Palaces Formation.

When Yang Kai understood this, he immediately recalled the strange scene that he had witnessed in the rewinding time.

When the Primordial Light was stripped of its Yin and Yang in the Chaotic Dead Territory, the latter evolved into the Sun’s Burning Light and Moon’s Serene Glimmer. After a long journey, what was left of the Primordial Light collided with an ancient Universe World, showering it with thousands of multi-coloured lights. From those lights, all Divine Spirits were born. The Divine Spirits thus rose and the Universe World came to be known as the Ancestral Land. With this evolution, the Ancestral Land became the home of all Divine Spirits and was virtually indestructible.

At that time, Yang Kai saw a vague image of a human figure through the blinding light…

He did not have time to look closely that day as he was distracted by Di Wu’s relentless attacks and was shaken out of his state of enlightenment.

However, he remained haunted by the figure in the haze, which left him puzzled. It had become the last piece of the mystery behind the Primordial Light.

Today, all the mysteries seemed to be solved.

The hazy figure, although its face could not be seen, had an outline incredibly similar to the Heaven’s Order figure that stood behind Zhang Ruo Xi.

That figure must be the original source of the Heaven’s Order Bloodline!

When Yang Kai first saw Zhang Ruo Xi at the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, he had a strange hunch, but he could not figure out what it was about.

When Zhang Ruo Xi asked about her cultivation limits, or rather lack thereof, and Yang Kai looked into her Small Universe, he felt that hunch again but he still could not understand it.

Yang Kai finally understood after seeing Zhang Ruo Xi control the Small Stone Race Army.

The Bloodline of an ordinary Divine Spirit was insufficient to break through the shackles created by the Open Heaven Realm method. Even a pure Dragon Clan Bloodline was insufficient; otherwise, Yang Kai could continue to refine his Bloodline and advance to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm by first becoming a Divine Dragon. At that time, he would even be stronger than an ordinary Ninth-Order Master.

However, there were always exceptions to everything. Though a Divine Spirit Bloodline could not accomplish this, that did not mean that the Heaven’s Order Bloodline could not break through these innate shackles.

In the Divine Spirit Family, the Heaven’s Order Bloodline was most likely the highest in ranking. In fact, the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer might be inferior to it.

Instead of saying that the Heaven’s Order Bloodline was the Big Sister of all Divine Spirits, it might be more appropriate to call it the Matriarch of this entire Family!

Yang Kai wore a look of composure as he observed the massive Fourth-Order Nine Palaces Formations that was formed by over 6,000 Small Stone Race Soldiers, but inside he was in a state of complete and utter shock.

A few moments later, Zhang Ruo Xi exhaled a long breath and all the Small Stone Race Soldiers within the Formation orderly dispersed, gathering quietly behind her, waiting for further orders.

In the end, the number of Small Stone Race she could control precisely was less than 10,000, so she could not form a Fifth-Order Nine Palaces Formation.

This was not because her Bloodline was not strong enough, but rather because of her low cultivation. With her concentration being spread out over so many Small Stone Race Soldiers, she eventually hit a limit. In other words, her Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm cultivation was the bottleneck. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, this was already an eye-popping feat.

“Sir, this is the most I can do,” Although she was exhausted, Zhang Ruo Xi’s eyes were gleaming. She always wanted to know what her limits were; however, she could not test them with a mere 200 Small Stone Race Soldiers.

With Yang Kai’s help, she was able to get an answer today!

This way, she would be able to play a much bigger role on the battlefield than using her own Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm strength.

Moreover, as long as she could advance to the Eighth Order, she had the confidence to form a Fifth-Order Nine Palaces Formations.

Who knows, maybe she might even be able to break through and become a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master one day!

“Well done.” Yang Kai nodded his head in admiration and began to collect his Small Stone Race Army before saying, “After this, I will bring you to a certain place.”

Zhang Ruo Xi did not ask anything and just nodded obediently, “Yes, Sir.”

“Let’s go back. You must be exhausted. When we return, get a good rest. The journey ahead is long and there is no need for you to rush to advance to the Eighth Order.”

Zhang Ruo Xi nodded with a smile.

He manipulated Space Principles and the two figures instantly disappeared.

With the help of the Space Beacon, Yang Kai easily returned to the Purifying Black Ink Battleship with Zhang Ruo Xi. She then went back to her cabin to rest while Yang Kai continued to stand at the helm. He could not help but wonder what interesting things would happen if he took Ruo Xi to that place.

The journey continued through the Black Ink Clan’s territory, and then past the breached Royal Cities before heading into the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield.

Several years later, many strange Celestial Phenomena appeared, bewildering and dazzling the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters.

The 3,000 Worlds had once been filled with these huge Celestial Phenomena, but almost all of them had been exhausted after millions of years of Human activities. However, in the rear of the Black Ink Battlefield, far away from any activity at all, these Celestial Phenomena had been preserved.

These Celestial Phenomena were all left behind from the beginning of time, when Heaven and Earth first split apart. The large ones were the size of whole Great Territories, while the small ones were even smaller than Universe Worlds, but each Celestial Phenomenon contained its own mysterious power and was extremely dangerous.