Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5671 - 5671, Fu Guang and Wu Kuang

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At one point, Yang Xiao could not stand the boredom, so when they passed by a certain Celestial Phenomenon, he rushed out in curiosity and was almost caught in it. If not for Yang Kai’s quick actions, he might have been lost within the Celestial Phenomenon, never to return. When Yang Xue found out, she punished him severely until he promised never to do that again. The dramatic event was a rare comic relief to their otherwise mundane journey and became the butt of everyone’s joke throughout the Warship.

A few years later, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship entered the Late Ancient Era Battlefield, and the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters who saw this place for the first time were all shaken to their core. The veteran Eighth-Order Masters who told them all the events of the past were also totally captivated.

Only at this time did they know that at the end of the Late Ancient Era, there were Humans who fought and were victorious over the Black Ink Clan on this magnificent battlefield. Although they failed to kill Mo, at least they managed to contain the Black Ink Clan within the Black Ink Battlefield.

Now, the Black Ink Clan had invaded the 3,000 Worlds, the world had withered, Universe Worlds had collapsed, and the Human Race was trapped in a mere handful of Great Territory Battlefields.

The situation had never been worse, and everyone’s heart was heavy and eager for revenge.

After the Late Ancient Era Battlefield, there was the Spiritless Land. They were getting close to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction!

Nearly 13 years after the departure of the Purifying Black Ink Battleship from the Supreme Headquarters Territory, Yang Kai finally led a group of Eighth-Order Masters to the place where the last Human Race Crusade Force was defeated. This was also where the Mother Nest was located and where the true body of Mo was sealed!

The Purifying Black Ink Battleship flew past a lot of wreckage and debris. There were even damaged Warships quietly floating across the void as well as skeletons and corpses of Humans and Black Ink Clansmen alike.

These were the remnants of the last great war, the final battle outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Yang Kai was not present during that battle as he was targeted by a Royal Lord because of Cang and had no choice but to flee. He fled for years before entering the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon and started his cultivation to break through to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm. After he emerged from the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai managed to kill the Royal Lord who was chasing him.

It was only after that that he learned of the fierceness of this final battle.

The Human Race should not have been defeated here. They had more than 100 Great Passes and a grand Army numbering in the millions, all of whom were in the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm and above, with over 100 Ninth-Order Old Ancestors assuming command. With such a lineup they were definitely the strongest Army the Human Race had mustered since the Late Ancient Era millions of years ago.

However, from within the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, a Black Ink Giant Spirit God emerged to challenge the Army. From the opposite side, another fallen Black Ink Giant Spirit God, who roamed the Late Ancient Era Battlefield, was revived by the Black Ink Clan.

The two powerful Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods pincered the Human Army and together with countless Royal Lords and Territory Lords, the Human Race Grand Army was defeated and forced to retreat.

The sight in front of everyone was tragic, and even if they were not personally involved in that battle, they could easily imagine its fierceness. The atmosphere aboard the Purifying Black Ink Battleship was heavy as people were scurrying about, trying to collect the corpses of the Human Race soldiers.

When the Great Army retreated back then, they did not even have the time to collect the bodies of the fallen, so the battlefield was still littered with corpses.

Su Yan activated her Great Sun and Moon Marks to create Purifying Light to disperse the Black Ink Cloud in the void; however, she soon gave up as there were far more dead Black Ink Clansmen than Human Race soldiers, causing the residual Black Ink Cloud to be too large to disperse. Although they did not lack Yellow Crystal and Blue Crystal, they should not waste them unnecessarily.

A potent Divine Sense suddenly spread over from afar, and all the Eighth-Order Masters were astonished when they felt its might!

This was not the Divine Sense of an Eighth-Order Master, but that of a Ninth-Order Master!

The Eighth-Order Masters became excited by the possibility that there was a Ninth-Order Master stationed here!

A moment later, the Divine Sense was withdrawn after having found out the identity of Yang Kai and the others.

Following the battlefield’s numerous ruins, the Purifying Black Ink Battleship soon came to a huge piece of debris.

It was debris that belonged to a Great Pass that had been destroyed. Looking at its appearance, it should be the Great Pass’ Main Square.

On top of the debris stood a figure with flowing white hair and white robes, his arms folded behind his back, looking in the direction of the Purifying Black Ink Battleship.

Upon seeing this person, many Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters immediately realised that it was not just any Ninth-Order Master here, it was ‘him’.

[No wonder we’ve not heard about this Senior for so many years, he must have been stationed here by the Supreme Headquarters a long time ago.]

Yang Kai jumped down from the Purifying Black Ink Battleship, came to the white-haired man, and cupped his fists, “Greetings, Senior Fu Guang!”

This man in all white was the current Dragon Clan Leader and the only Divine Dragon.

Yang Kai had sent Wu Kuang here a long time ago, but although the latter claimed that he would advance to the Ninth Order within 3,000 years, and that he could guard the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction effectively at that point, Yang Kai had to prepare for the unexpected.

Therefore, over 1,000 years ago, Yang Kai had already suggested that the Supreme Headquarters prepare someone to assist Wu Kuang outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, just in case.

However, the Humans had limited manpower and very few were capable of carrying out such a mission. There were two Old Ancestors who met the requirements, but they had to stay in Wind Mist Territory to restrain the Black Ink Giant Spirit God. Part of restraining the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was that they too could not move.

After much consideration, only Fu Guang could be deployed.

However, during the battle of the Barren Territory, Fu Guang was severely injured and almost died on the spot. If the Dragon Clan Leader at that time did not go all out to rescue him, Fu Guang would have been among those who fell that day.

After the retreat from the Barren Territory, Fu Guang spent many, many years in the depths of the Dragon Pool, drawing upon its power to heal himself. It was not until some 1,000 years ago that he finally recovered from his injuries.

He immediately set off for this place after his recovery.

On the way, Fu Guang passed by the No-Return Pass, which caused the Black Ink Clan to panic as they thought that he was there to pick a fight. Fortunately for them, Fu Guang had no such intentions and just passed by. The Black Ink Clan had since been wondering what a Divine Dragon from the Dragon Clan was doing in the Black Ink Battlefield.

By all accounts, Fu Guang had been here, alone, for at least 1,000 years.

“Many thanks for your hard work, Senior,” Yang Kai said. 1,000 years of solitude was not easy to endure, even for a powerful Divine Spirit.

Fu Guang smiled and shook his head. His eyes then looked up and down Yang Kai and said with a little surprise, “Your Dragon Vein…”

Yang Kai secretly praised this Divine Dragon for his strong perception. It should also be because they were both part of the Dragon Clan; so, even if Yang Kai did not use the powers of his Dragon Vein, Fu Guang would sense something about it.

Yang Kai explained, “I obtained some gifts from the Ancestral Land.”

Fu Guang understood what he meant and replied, “That is indeed a great opportunity.”

He was wondering how Yang Kai’s Dragon Vein had grown so quickly. The Last time Fu Guang saw Yang Kai, the latter was just a 70,000-metre Ancient Dragon. Now, Yang Kai gave off a similar feeling to his own from back in the Dragon Pool.

In other words, it was very likely that Yang Kai was in the same situation as he was back then, stuck at the last step before becoming a Divine Dragon.

The power in the Dragon Pool had been greatly consumed after more than 2,000 years of healing, so Yang Kai could not have benefited much from it, certainly not enough to improve his Dragon Vein to such a degree.

It turned out that it was a gift from the Ancestral Land.

While they were talking, a group of Eighth-Order Masters and 60 Divine Spirits all came forward and saluted. No one dared to disrespect a Divine Dragon.

The Eighth-Order Masters finally confirmed who the Army Commander of their Suppressing Black Ink Army was. Although there had been some speculation beforehand, it was only today that they became certain.

A Master like Fu Guang was naturally qualified to be the Army Commander of the Suppressing Black Ink Army.

Zhu Jian and the rest of the Divine Spirits felt increasingly ready to be part of this fight. Given the circumstances, they knew that they would still be fighting alongside the Human Race after the 3,000-year agreement had expired; however, now they were working under the current Dragon Clan Leader and there was no room for sloppiness.

After exchanging some pleasantries, Yang Kai said, “Sir, how is the situation here?”

Fu Guang replied, “Nothing unusual, except that… he talks a lot!”

“Talks a lot?” Yang Kai was slightly stunned and then realized that Fu Guang should be referring to Wu Kuang.

Yang Kai could not help but chuckle and his tense mood also relaxed a lot. It also meant that there were no problems with the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. If there really was any problem, Wu Kuang would not be able to waste his energy on chatting.

At that moment, Wu Kuang’s voice came from the depths of the void, “There is quite literally no one here besides the two of us, and it’s been that way for over 1,000 years. Does it matter if we talk more? And… don’t you know that it’s not a good habit to badmouth someone behind their back?”

Fu Guang laughed helplessly and cupped his fist. After so many years of chatting, he also knew Wu Kuang’s background. He had much respect for this Late Ancient Era Martial Ancestor.

Furthermore, anyone who single-handedly guarded the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction deserved the utmost respect.

The Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and even the Divine Spirits were all astonished. They were all previously focused on Fu Guang and never expected there to be a second person here; after all, there was only endless darkness as far as they could see!

The deep darkness seemed to be able to devour everything, and even their souls seemed to be sucked into it when they stared for too long.

Fortunately, everyone was strong and when they perceived the anomaly, they immediately collected the mind which eased the discomfort.

Someone said with palpitations, “Is this where the Mother Nest resides?”

They had heard that the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had sealed the Mother Nest along with Mo’s true body. Now, they were able to see it with their own eyes.

This was the source of all the chaos and the birthplace of the Black Ink Clan.

Even the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters could not help but feel a sense of powerlessness and defeat in their hearts at this moment.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

“Don’t be so glum. For countless aeons, your heroic ancestors spilled their blood on this battlefield to resist the Black Ink Clan, all to give future generations a chance to live and grow. Now, this burden has fallen on your shoulders. If you and the others fail here, then the Human Race and all the Divine Spirits will cease to exist. When that happens, everything will come to an end. The Martial Ancestors were able to seal this evil here. Don’t you, their descendants, have the courage to fight it?”