Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5674 - 5674, Shaving Away What’s Inside

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai looked on from afar. The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was the battlefield of the Suppressing Black Ink Army. As he told Fu Guang earlier, he could not stay here for long; thus, he could only observe and did not intend to intervene in this battle.

Everything would be fine if the Suppressing Black Ink Army and the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress could deal with the Black Ink Clan Army that rushed out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. If they could not, then there would be problems.

There was another figure standing beside him at this moment.

It was Zhang Ruo Xi, who asked, “Sir, don’t I have to go and help?”

She thought that she could provide a lot of assistance with her Small Stone Race Army, which could form a Fourth-Order Nine Palaces Formations. Even if she was facing an Innate Territory Lord, she could put up a hard fight.

Yang Kai slowly shook his head and said, “Your battlefield isn’t here!”

If his guess was right, then Zhang Ruo Xi could play a much bigger role in the future than merely controlling a Fourth-Order Nine Palaces Formation!

Upon hearing this, Zhang Ruo Xi felt a bit confused, but she listened to Yang Kai’s instructions and watched quietly beside him.

For the last few thousand years, she and Yang Kai had barely met, but ever since she was young, she had built an unconditional trust in Yang Kai. Even after growing up and becoming a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, she would still obey any request Yang Kai made of her.

Now, both the Suppressing Black Ink Army and the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress were ready.

Yang Kai looked over at Wu Kuang and said, “Senior! Please do your best to control the gap and not put too much burden on the Suppressing Black Ink Army.”

Wu Kuang said, “Rest assured, I have been considering this ever since I first began guarding this place. I will only open the gap wide enough for those weaker than Royal Lords to smoothly pass through. Perhaps one or two Royal Lords might occasionally rush out, but with that Dragon here, it shouldn’t be a problem.”

Yang Kai nodded lightly. This was also the reason why he arranged for Fu Guang to come here in advance. As a Divine Dragon, Fu Guang was significantly more powerful than the average Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, so dealing with one or two Royal Lords should not be an issue for him.

The battle would soon begin!

In the endless darkness, a spinning vortex suddenly emerged in front of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress. The initial speed of the vortex was not fast, and its scale was not large; however, as time passed, the vortex gradually began to expand, and the speed of its rotation became increasingly faster!

This was obviously Wu Kuang manipulating the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to open a hole.

Looking at this, Yang Kai felt much more assured.

He remembered when Cang opened the gap in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction back then. A huge opening had appeared at that time and countless Black Ink Clan Soldiers poured out of it.

It was not that Cang was not as good as Wu Kuang at controlling the Grand Restriction, but rather that the situation was vastly different.

At that time, the Human Race had more than 100 Great Passes and an Army which numbered in the millions. Cang did not need to be so careful with his control of the gap.

However, things were different now. The Suppressing Black Ink Fortress was less than 10% the size of a Great Pass, and the Suppressing Black Ink Army was composed of only 6,000 Soldiers. Although there were 400 Eighth-Order Masters, that was still far fewer than the initial Crusade Force.

If Wu Kuang did the same as Cang had, then the Suppressing Black Ink Army would be overwhelmed and wiped out in no time.

Wu Kuang was undoubtedly far more cautious in his approach than Cang was back then.

Rich Black Ink Strength escaped from the vortex, but there was no sign of the Black Ink Clan, which puzzled the Suppressing Black Ink Army soldiers.

Soon, the Human Race Masters sensed an anomaly. From within the vortex, a powerful Divine Sense extended outward, spying on the situation outside.

Apparently, after that event 3,000 years ago, the Black Ink Clansmen inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction became more cautious.

However, even if they were more cautious, they could not resist the rare opportunity to rush out to the outside world.

Thus, it did not take too long before a large number of Black Ink Clansmen charged out of the vortex. These Black Ink Clansmen were on average stronger than those fighting on the Great Territory Battlefields. The Black Ink Clan Soldiers on the Great Territory Battlefields were mostly cannon fodder that any Open Heaven Realm Master could kill a swath of in a single blow.

However, these Black Ink Clansmen that rushed out from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction were all Low-Rank Clansmen at least. In other words, they were equivalent to Low-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters.

This was not surprising as the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction has been sealed for so many years. Since these Black Ink Clansmen were spawned inside and had nothing else to do, there was plenty of time for them to grow in strength.

The last time the Crusade Force was here, they were faced with such a situation as well.

The first wave of Black Ink Clansmen that emerged numbered less than 300, but everyone knew this was only the beginning. This batch of Soldiers immediately rushed in the direction of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress. After this first wave, more batches rushed from the vortex, each one containing a few hundred to 1,000 mixed Soldiers.

In the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of Black Ink Clansmen had emerged from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, with more still pouring out.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

On top of the walls of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress facing the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction sat the Tiger Roar Cannons. These artifacts were all armed and ready. Several tens of Tiger Roar Cannons hummed as energy built up within them before a dozen thick pillars of light flashed out from the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress like arrows released from their string.

Wherever the pillars of light struck, the Black Ink Clansmen would be wounded or killed!

By the time the first volley of Tiger Roar Cannons faded, thousands of Black Ink Clansmen had been killed or injured.

Immediately after, a dozen more Tiger Roar Cannons spewed out dazzling columns of light!

Then a dozen more!

Beams of light from the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress shot out continuously.

By the time all the Tiger Roar Cannons on this side of the wall had fired, the Black Ink Clan had already suffered tens of thousands of casualties, with not one of them even able to approach the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress.

The vortex in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction expanded again as Wu Kuang was very relieved to see the immense power of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress.

As time passed, more Black Ink Clansmen continued to emerge from the vortex, including Feudal Lords and Territory Lords. Outside of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, a battle that might last for many years had begun. In this battle, the Black Ink Clan would constantly be attacking while the Suppressing Black Ink Army would be constantly defending. Each side would persist in such an environment for who knows how long.

The key to this war lay in the hands of Wu Kuang. If he controlled the situation properly, the Suppressing Black Ink Army would be able to keep this effort up indefinitely; however, if Wu Kuang did not control the situation well, it would lead to an irreversible collapse.

The Territory Lords from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction were all Innate Territory Lords, but although all of them were quite powerful, the moment they emerged they were greeted by Tiger Roar Cannons from the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress.

Even Territory Lords would inevitably be wounded by the Tiger Roar Cannons when they appeared, and if they could not respond in time, they would quickly be overwhelmed by the continuous bolts of light.

Yang Kai saw some Innate Territory Lords coming out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, but as they emerged, they would all go from being lightly wounded, to seriously wounded, to dying…

There were some Innate Territory Lords who barely survived the bombardment of the Tiger Roar Cannons and wisely did not charge straight at the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress and instead chose to flank it.

However, while the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress was seemingly fixed in place, the Suppressing Black Ink Army was very mobile. Those Innate Territory Lords who barely survived the Tiger Roar Cannons’ attack were all swiftly intercepted by Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters before they could get too close. The Eighth-Order Masters worked in teams to take down these flanking Territory Lords swiftly and decisively.

The entire Suppressing Black Ink Fortress soon began spinning at a low speed, thanks to the 10 Eighth-Order Masters powering the Core.

With this rotation, the fixed Tiger Roar Cannons on the four walls of Suppressing Black Ink Fortress could take turns to fire, allowing the soldiers time to rest and recuperate so that the power of the Suppressing Black Ink Army could be maximized.

Days went by and soon an entire month had passed with the situation still under the Human’s control. The Black Ink Clan had suffered countless casualties with more than 100 Innate Territory Lords having been killed while not one soul from the Suppressing Black Ink Army had died. The rate of consumption of the soldiers was also under control, and as long as they received enough supplies, the Suppressing Black Ink Army could continue fighting like this indefinitely.

However, accidents and unexpected situations finally began to appear.

From the vortex, the aura of a Royal Lord revealed itself, followed by the figure of a Royal Lord struggling to emerge from within the Grand Restriction.

Wu Kuang had carefully controlled the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction so that the gap he opened was only large enough to allow those weaker than Royal Lords to pass through smoothly. Any Royal Lord trying to emerge would have difficulty exiting through the current opening.

The Royal Lord was only delayed for a few breaths of time while passing through the vortex, but during that brief moment, he was naturally struck by multiple attacks from the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, causing numerous injuries. Naturally, this caused the Royal Lord to roar in anger.

With great difficulty, he struggled out of the vortex and nimbly dodged the attacks from Suppressing Black Ink Fortress before charging out towards it.

However, he was immediately met with the intense Dragon Aura of a Divine Dragon!

Fu Guang, who had been waiting on the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, personally intercepted the Royal Lord, forcing him into the nearby void to fight.

The Royal Lord was ripped apart by Fu Guang’s claws after only half an hour of fighting, his Black Ink Strength exploding out like a final desperate gasp before he perished.

Even in his prime, this Royal Lord was no match for a Divine Dragon, let alone after he was seriously wounded by the Suppressing Black Ink Army’s focused barrage.

The combination of the Suppressing Black Ink Army with the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress and a Divine Dragon proved to be a solid defence.

Of course, the prerequisite was that Wu Kuang maintained proper control of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and that nothing changed within the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction!

Yang Kai was relieved to see this.

There was no need for him to intervene in this matter. In fact, he could hardly resist the temptation to join; however, there was truly no need for him to be here since there was a Divine Dragon present.

Looking at all the familiar faces aboard the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, Yang Kai felt guilty for not participating in the fight, but he could do nothing about it.

After taking Zhang Ruo Xi into his Small Universe and transmitting a few words to Fu Guang, Yang Kai connected with the Old Tree and soon followed its traces to the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary.