Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5677, Harmonising Yin and Yang

Translator: Silavin & June

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Big Brother Huang, though somewhat uneasy, still had his sight intact. After just a glance at the situation inside Zhang Ruo Xi’s Small Universe, he shook his head and said, “No, our powers have already completely merged into her Small Universe. If we were to extract them, it would be akin to tearing out her heritage, causing her great harm!”

[But, having too much pure power is not a good thing either…] Yang Kai thought in his heart.

The powers of Yin and Yang from the Moon’s Serene Glimmer and the Sun’s Burning Light were the most primitive and purest in the Universe. Because of their purity, they did not need much refining, so the moment they flowed into Zhang Ruo Xi’s Small Universe, they immediately merged with it, breaking the balance and leaving Big Brother Huang helpless.

While they were conversing, Yang Kai watched intently. The imbalance in Ruo Xi’s Small Universe had reached a critical point, and the Powers of the Yin and Yang were still continually surging in all directions. At this moment she could still barely suppress it, but as time passed, Ruo Xi would not be able to keep it under control. Even with the Soul Warming Lotus protecting her mind, it would be of no use.

The root of her crisis lay in her Small Universe, and her mind was only affected as a result.

The best way to suppress and seal a Small Universe was with a World Tree clone. With it, Ruo Xi’s current crisis could be instantly resolved.

Yang Kai had a clone on him, but it was integrated into his own Small Universe. Even if he was willing to give it to her, it would be impossible for Zhang Ruo Xi to refine it in time as the process would involve purging the pieces of Yang Kai’s Small Universe before planting it into her own. This was not a simple or quick process and would also require a lot of concentration which she could not spare at the moment.

[Is there really nothing we can do? If we don’t find a way to completely suppress the Powers of Yin and Yang inside of her, Ruo Xi’s life will be in danger.]

In his anxious state, Yang Kai suddenly had an idea and immediately advised her, “Activate your Bloodline Power and see if you can suppress it!”

If there was any other power in the world that could suppress the Burning Light and the Serene Glimmer’s Powers, it would only be the Bloodline Power of Heaven’s Order!

As a Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, Ruo Xi’s cultivation allowed her to control thousands of Small Stone Race Soldiers to form a Fourth-Order Nine Palaces Formation. She did this by relying only on her own Bloodline Power. Furthermore, these Small Stone Race Soldiers could almost be considered as extensions of the powers from Burning Light and Serene Glimmer!

In Yang Kai’s theory, Heaven’s Order was akin to the Matriarch of the Divine Spirit Family. The strange incident between Ruo Xi and Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan during their first encounter suggested that this was true; Ruo Xi taking in their two Powers was likely due to her Bloodline unconsciously guiding her.

Given this, the Heavens Order Bloodline should be able to handle the current situation. Even if it couldn’t completely suppress the two Powers, it could at least calm things down.

Just as the words left Yang Kai’s mouth, Ruo Xi immediately activated her Bloodline Power. In the illusory phantom of her Small Universe, a blurry female figure appeared.

When this figure emerged, the Powers of Yin and Yang, which had been rampaging and causing damage to her Small Universe, seemed to be drawn inexplicably towards the figure from all directions.

As Yang Kai watched, the yellow and blue lights that had filled the entire Small Universe receded like a tide, flowing into the illusory woman’s body.

This woman, who symbolised Heaven’s Order’s Bloodline, was just as Yang Kai remembered her from their last encounter. She hung her head low, her hair flowing freely as she held a giant greatsword in her hands. Although she was a woman, she exuded an awe-inspiring aura, as though she could stand firm even if the Heavens and Earth were to collapse around her.

When the most primitive Powers of Yin and Yang surged into her, her body immediately emitted a light where the two colours intersected. The colours grew brighter and brighter until they reached a dazzling peak that resonated deeply with Yang Kai.

His eyes widened in disbelief as he stared at the scene before him absent-mindedly. He had travelled far and wide, and witnessed the beauty and wonder of countless people and Worlds, but the sight before him was beyond words.

The woman who manifested the Heaven’s Order Bloodline behind her opened a pair of brightly shining wings. One side was blue and the other yellow, with the colours flowing freely like water, sometimes turning yellow into blue, and other times the opposite. The edge of the wings was blurred with light, and at this moment, the Powers of Yin and Yang blended and fused, no longer violent, but exuding a vital aura of unparalleled harmony and beauty!

Yang Kai was struck by many insights and epiphanies at this moment and would benefit greatly if he were to enter retreat to cultivate at this moment.

But, he knew this was not the time for that; he had to suppress those feelings and continue to focus on Ruo Xi’s condition.

Beside him, Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan were completely stunned and could hardly believe their eyes. The problem of their Powers being unable to blend and constantly colliding with each other was suddenly resolved at this moment! The shock they felt was no less than being punched hard in the face, and they were left in a state of stunned amazement.

“Who is she?” Big Sister Lan couldn’t help but turn her head and ask Yang Kai. Her curiosity was piqued by this existence who had the power to reconcile the Powers of Xiao Huang and herself, so she knew she was certainly not any ordinary being.

For countless years, they remained in the Chaotic Dead Territory, unable to leave. This was not because they didn’t want to, but because they couldn’t. According to ancient legend, they were the Progenitors of all Divine Spirits, a myth that had been distorted and exaggerated over time.

However, there was another legend that held true – they were the embodiments of destruction.

Since their birth, they were incomplete and unable to control their powers with precision. Leaving the Chaotic Dead Territory would result in a catastrophic explosion of Yin and Yang, laying waste to all things, living or dead.

Back in the early days, the Chaotic Dead Territory was not as vast as it was now. Many Great Territories were destroyed over the years, the boundary walls between them torn down, leading to the creation of the current, extremely large Chaotic Dead Territory.

These two ancient beings scattered their power throughout the territory, retaining only a fraction of it to transform into their present forms – two small children – and allowing Yang Kai to stand before them and communicate with them.

If they were in their true, complete forms, Yang Kai would not have the privilege of standing here as he would have been vaporized by the violent Yin and Yang powers they innately gave off long ago.

But suddenly, they witnessed their Powers being balanced and stabilised by some outside force!

This was simply an occurrence that they had never dared imagine.

Yang Kai stood mesmerised, staring at the figure before him that was adorned with wings of two different hues. However, after Zhang Ruo Xi activated her own Heavens Order Bloodline Power, the Yin and Yang Element Powers no longer rampaged. The Small Universe that was in constant flux and at risk of rupture had also stabilised.

Then, her expression slowly eased…

Now, all that was left was to refine a large quantity of the Five Elements materials to rebalance her Small Universe.

This crisis was finally over.

Yang Kai let out a long sigh as he pondered how to answer Big Sister Lan’s question. After some hesitation, he spoke up, “Do you still remember the last time we discussed the concept of a medicinal catalyst?”

Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan glanced at each other and nodded in agreement.

Over the years, they had tried to merge, but Yin and Yang were inherently opposed and simply could not mix. They always felt like something was missing, so they had no choice but to give up.

However, when Yang Kai came over last time, the idea of a medicinal catalyst came up.

In alchemy, herbs of opposing nature could be combined in a furnace and refined into a Spirit Pill by using an appropriate catalyst that could reconcile the incompatible properties.

If Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan were compared to two types of herbs with opposing natures, then the missing ingredient they lacked was undoubtedly the medicinal catalyst.

Zhang Ruo Xi’s Heavens Order Bloodline was the catalyst that could harmonise their opposing forces.

This was not surprising, as the Heavens Order Bloodline was descended from the Matriarch of the Divine Spirit Family. Even though Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan had extremely high status in that family, they still couldn’t resist the guidance of the Matriarch.

Big Brother Huang immediately caught on and his eyes lit up, “She’s the catalyst?”

Yang Kai nodded.

Big Sister Lan, on the other hand, was extremely puzzled, “What kind of Bloodline does she possess? Why have I never heard of her before, and how is she able to do this?”

Upon hearing that, Yang Kai explained, “I mentioned the Primordial Light earlier. After stripping you two away, the Primordial Light crashed into a barren land, and its radiance dispersed, evolving into countless Divine Spirits. That piece of land became the Ancestral Land of the Divine Spirits. However, after the Primordial Light dissipated, there was still a blurry figure left behind… This Little Brother was unable to tell what that figure was at the time, and could not judge what it represented, but that blurry figure resembled a Human. Somehow, that figure must have merged with the Human Race; thus, the Human Race inherited its bloodline from generation to generation.”

“This Bloodline has experienced countless years of inheritance, gradually becoming thin and weak. The later generations have long forgotten the glory of their Ancestor, until Ruo Xi’s generation when this Bloodline began to gradually awaken! This Bloodline is called the Heaven’s Order Bloodline, and in the Primordial Light, it undoubtedly holds a special position.” Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The Divine Spirits were the scattered light that evolved from the collision of the Primordial Light with the Ancestral Land, even the Burning Light and the Serene Glimmer were just the powers stripped from the Primordial Light at an earlier time.

In comparison, the appearance of that figure after the collision with the Ancestral Land was no small matter.

The Primordial Darkness of the Universe gave birth to Mo, and the Primordial Light evolved into the Divine Spirits, including the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer, and even Heaven’s Order. If the Primordial Light were to be divided into ten parts, the Divine Spirits would account for three parts, the Burning Light and the Serene Glimmer three parts, and Heaven’s Order four parts!

In terms of status, that figure was second only to the true body of Mo according to this hypothesis.

When Yang Kai brought Zhang Ruo Xi to the Chaotic Dead Territory to meet Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan, he did not expect such a significant discovery. He just thought that since the Heavens Order Bloodline was like the Matriarch of the Divine Spirit Family, there might be some unexpected gains after she met these two.