Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5693 - 5693, Shh…

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

[Our clansmen have snuck out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction?] Thousands of thoughts instantly flitted through Mo Na Ye’s mind, and he soon became overjoyed, “That is certainly something to be celebrated!”

He then paused for a moment before asking, “Sir, are there any Royal Lords among those that snuck out?

Mo Yu shook his head, “You also know the situation in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. With a Human Master overseeing the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, those inside took 1,000 years just to open up a gap wide enough they could exploit. The commotion would be too large if a Royal Lord tried to sneak out and the Humans would definitely notice, so only the Innate Territory Lords managed to escape.”

Mo Na Ye instantly understood the situation. Sneaking out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had to be done stealthily so they did not expose their actions; otherwise, the Human Race Master guarding the Grand Restriction might take action and turn their clansmen’s 1,000-year effort into a waste of time.

There were many Territory Lords at present, but the number of surviving Innate Territory Lords was far from their initial numbers back then. After years of fighting, countless Innate Territory Lords had lost their lives on the battlefield. At the moment, less than 10% of the Innate Territory Lords remained compared to their peak!

On the other hand, there was no shortage of Innate Territory Lords inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. If they could sneak out, then they would be a huge boost for the current Black Ink Clan.

“The number that came out is not great, but more and more will soon leave the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction,” Mo Yu added.

Mo Na Ye was a little curious and asked, “Sir, a Human Master is guarding the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, how did our clansmen avoid detection and discovery of the gap?”

He did not doubt the ability of his clansmen in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction; rather, he was worried that all of this might be part of a trap set up by the Human Race. If the Human Master knew that Black Ink Clansmen were sneaking out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, he might have simply allowed it to happen after setting up some kind of ambush or counterplan.

After fighting the Human Race for so long, Mo Na Ye had gotten used to considering all possible situations.

Mo Yu glanced at Mo Na Ye approvingly, obviously aware of what the latter was worried about. He thus explained, “As I told you before, the strength of that Human Master is inferior to Cang’s. He is roughly at the level of an ordinary Ninth-Order Master at most. With his strength, he will never be as good as Cang when it comes to monitoring and controlling the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Back then, this Human was foolish enough to open a gap in the Grand Restriction to cooperate with the Human Race Army and that Divine Dragon to intercept and kill all those who rushed out of the opening. Over the past 1,000 years, that battle has never ceased, but that was intentional. Those in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction maintained this situation as, although it resulted in great casualties, it also allowed them to divert that Human Master’s focus. Several Royal Lords were even sacrificed to ensure that the enemy remained unaware of our actions.”

Mo Na Ye immediately understood. If the Human Race Master guarding the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was completely focused on maintaining the gap he opened up, then his vigilance over the rest of the Grand Restriction would naturally weaken considerably. In this way, those inside would have the opportunity to sneak out unnoticed. After 1,000 years of hard work, they finally succeeded in their efforts.

That was definitely a great achievement; after all, they even sacrificed several Royal Lords just to keep that Human distracted… Judging by the situation, this Human’s control over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was indeed far inferior to Cang. The Humans should have no knowledge of those who had snuck out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Mo Na Ye immediately felt relieved.

Meng Que listened by the side for some time, then he suddenly spoke up, “Sir, those that came out are unfamiliar with the world outside since they have never left the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Should I go and welcome them?”

He had remained in the No-Return Pass ever since he became a Pseudo-Royal Lord, so he was feeling extremely bored and constricted. The Royal Lord had not allowed him to fight on the front lines, but welcoming some fellow clansmen should not be a problem.

Before Mo Yu could answer, Mo Na Ye snapped decisively, “Absolutely not!”

Meng Que immediately glared at Mo Na Ye and questioned, “Why not?”

Mo Na Ye glanced at Meng Que coldly before muttering, “Yang Kai is currently loitering outside the No-Return Pass. He will definitely notice you if you leave. Once that happens, what would be the point of hiding your existence until now?”Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Meng Que opened his mouth but found himself speechless to refute the statement, but that only vexed and annoyed him even more, making him wish he could punch Mo Na Ye at least once.

Mo Yu nodded, “That’s right. Meng Que, it’s not the right time for you to reveal yourself. Besides, those that escaped should not come to the No-Return Pass either…”

Mo Na Ye bowed, “You are wise, Sir. If Yang Kai notices this kind of movement, he will easily realise that something has gone wrong at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. At that time, the Human Army on that side will surely take action to intercept our clansmen or worse, fix the hidden gap in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. The 1,000-year effort of our brethren would all be wasted at that point. Sir, I ask that you send a message to them to rest and recover at a suitable location for now. They need to stay hidden and wait until the timing is right!”

Mo Yu agreed, “Good! But, the No-Return Pass will need to send them some supplies. Most who snuck out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction will be heavily injured, so they will need resources to heal. I will leave this matter to you.”

“Yes!” Mo Na Ye received the order and took the opportunity to obtain another miniature Black Ink Nest from the Royal Lord. Then, he used it to communicate with the clansmen living outside.

He generally acted with great caution, and considering that Yang Kai was hiding somewhere outside the No-Return Pass, monitoring the movements here, Mo Na Ye could only rely on the teams that were extracting materials outside to secretly divert some resources if he wanted to avoid arousing Yang Kai’s suspicions.

It did not take long for large amounts of resources to be sent out without notice. At the same time, several Black Ink Clansmen silently left the mining locations where the cultivation resources were being gathered and scattered in all directions across the Black Ink Battlefield.

Meanwhile, a steady stream of Territory Lords began sneaking out from inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Not only was Wu Kuang not strong enough, but he was also being distracted elsewhere; hence, it was difficult for him to detect these hidden movements of the Black Ink Clan.

The Territory Lords who snuck out had no intention of attacking the Suppressing Black Ink Army as that would be meaningless. Such actions would only alert the enemy to their presence. On the contrary, they immediately concealed their auras and took a long detour around the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to gather at designated locations under Mo Na Ye’s guidance.

To avoid the detection of the Human Race Master overseeing the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, only a few Territory Lords would sneak out at a time to prevent making too large a disturbance. They basically maintained a frequency of two or three Territory Lords every month.

Additionally, the Territory Lords who snuck out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had to pay a high price. Just as how the gap that Wu Kuang opened up could only allow Territory Lords to leave safely and any Royal Lords trying would be heavily wounded if they forcibly tried, all the Territory Lords who forcibly snuck out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction from the hidden gap suffered injuries in varying degrees of severity.

It was precisely for this reason that Mo Yu had instructed Mo Na Ye to deliver a large amount of resources to these Territory Lords. The Innate Territory Lords from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction brought out many Black Ink Nests with them, but cultivation resources were needed to hatch these Black Ink Nests. Once the Black Ink Nests were hatched, they could enter them in order to treat their wounds while waiting for Mo Na Ye to summon them. In time, they would gather a huge force and deal a critical blow to the Human Race!

Everything took place in secret. The number of Territory Lords sneaking out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction gradually increased, but the Human Race remained unaware of the situation.

…..

Outside the No-Return Pass, a Feudal Lord was handing over 30% of the cultivation resources over the last five years to Yang Kai. Yang Kai examined the resources for a moment, then he frowned deeply, “Go back and tell Mo Na Ye… If he dares to deduct my share again, this King will take the resources myself!”

Over the past few years, Mo Na Ye had gotten bolder and bolder. The cultivation resources handed to him were reducing steadily, and the quality was not as good as before; hence, he couldn’t help becoming vigilant. What was the Black Ink Clan trying to do?

Mo Na Ye was a smart person; therefore, he should know the consequences of embezzling resources in such a bold manner. Although the Black Ink Clan had always given Yang Kai less than the agreed 30% of their gathered resources, the quantity and quality that were delivered to him at the beginning were quite generous, but both had been dropping steadily in recent years.

The Feudal Lord replied anxiously, “Yes, I will definitely deliver your message!”

“Scram!” Yang Kai waved his hand dismissively. The Feudal Lord immediately transformed into a Black Ink Cloud and flew off without delay.

Looking in the direction of the No-Return Pass for a moment, Yang Kai frowned slightly. What was the meaning behind Mo Na Ye’s actions?

He did not believe that the total amount gathered by the Black Ink Clan would decrease over the years. The vast Black Ink Battlefield was an enormous treasure trove, so as long as the Black Ink Clan remained diligent, they would not lack cultivation resources.

[If the same thing happens again, I will personally take action to retrieve my rightful share!]

Turning around, Yang Kai travelled towards the depths of the void. It was already time for the 100-year meeting with Ou Yang Lie and the others.

Over the past 1,000 years, tens of thousands of Human Race cultivators had been gathering resources in the depths of the Black Ink Battlefield. It was thanks to their diligent efforts that the troops on the front lines had sufficient supplies to cultivate, treat their wounds, and kill the Black Ink Clan.

Yang Kai repeatedly delivered the resources that were either obtained from the Black Ink Clan or gathered by the Human Race cultivators to the Supreme Headquarters. Although travelling back and forth was tiring, he was willing to make the effort; after all, he was the only person with the ability to perform this task.

Speeding towards the place where Ou Yang Lie and the others had been operating over the last 100 years, Yang Kai constantly checked for their location with his Space Beacons. After a few days, he realised that Ou Yang Lie and the others were no longer at the same location as 100 years ago.

Yang Kai was not surprised by his discovery though as it was common for them to mine out a region and then move on to the next. Over the past 1,000 years, the tens of thousands of cultivators had already relocated several times under Ou Yang Lie and the other veteran Eighth-Order Masters’ leadership.

For Yang Kai, he could easily figure out their location as long as Ou Yang Lie and the others carried Space Beacons on them. It was not as though he could not find them. Manipulating Space Principles, Yang Kai took a step forward. The world turned upside down, and he appeared next to Ou Yang Lie.

Before Yang Kai had time to greet Ou Yang Lie, he heard a voice in his ears, “Shh…”

He instinctively concealed his aura and turned to look around himself. Then, Yang Kai immediately became more confused. There was no sign of other people in the area, much less the lively scene he expected where tens of thousands of cultivators were scattered nearby to diligently mine or gather cultivation resources.

Ou Yang Lie seemed to be the only person here; nevertheless, he was acting extremely cautiously, as though he was guarding against some kind of danger.

Ou Yan Lie was currently located on a small Universe Fragment, one that was barely the size of a small mountain. Similar Universe Fragments could be found everywhere on the Black Ink Battlefield. Moreover, he was sticking close to a pit so that his body sank inside completely. Once his aura was concealed, he would not be found unless someone probed this Universe Fragment very carefully.

[What is he doing?]