Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5697 - 5697, You Won’t Be Receiving Anything Ever Again

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

According to Yang Kai’s speculation, the Black Ink Clan in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction were shielded from the outside world, the Innate Territory Lords were incapable of escaping from it unnoticed without paying a heavy cost. Every Territory Lord would suffer deep wounds when they escaped from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, and for that reason, the No-Return Pass had gone to special lengths to deliver cultivation resources to them, so that they could rest and recuperate until they were needed in the future!CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

If Ou Yang Lie had not discovered this issue by chance, the Black Ink Clan would have gathered a massive group of powerful Innate Territory Lords over hundreds or even thousands of years. These Innate Territory Lords would have been enough to alter the situation on the battlefield, and there was a high possibility that they would become a force that would eventually crush the Human Race.

“Senior Brother Ou Yang, I need you to return to the Supreme Headquarters. Contact Senior Brother Mi and inform him about the situation here so that the Human Race can come up with the appropriate countermeasures as soon as possible.”

“Understood.” Ou Yang Lie nodded solemnly, knowing the importance of the matter. The Black Ink Clan had secretly pulled this trick, so if the Human Race did not take the necessary countermeasures immediately, they would likely suffer terrible consequences.

“Also…” Yang Kai thought of something and added, “In the near future, there may be a large number of Pseudo-Royal Lords emerging from the Black Ink Clan. Tell Senior Brother Mi to take more precautions!”

Ou Yang Lie couldn’t help shivering at those words. It was only natural that he was aware of the existence of Pseudo-Royal Lords. Purely in terms of depth of cultivation, there was not much difference between a Pseudo-Royal Lord and a true Royal Lord, what was different was their control over their power. The power of a Pseudo-Royal Lord did not come from years of accumulation and cultivation, so even if they had the same power as a true Royal Lord, they could not exert it properly.

Be that as it may, a Pseudo-Royal Lord was not an opponent an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master could confront. If it was just as Yang Kai had said, and a large batch of Pseudo-Royal Lords appeared among the Black Ink Clan… What would happen to the Human Race?

Yang Kai’s warning did not come from being an alarmist. On the contrary, his warning had come from the insight that he gained from his understanding of Mo Na Ye’s thought process.

There was no denying that Mo Na Ye was a ruthless and efficient character. He had hidden many Innate Territory Lords in the depths of Black Ink Battlefield and provided them with cultivation resources to heal their wounds. At the same time, he was also prepared to sacrifice them at any moment so that they could join forces to create new Pseudo-Royal Lords.

Yang Kai had successively destroyed two High-Rank Black Ink Nests, both of which contained more than a dozen Innate Territory Lords recuperating inside. Their numbers were essentially equal, so it was obvious that the entire arrangement was not a coincidence but an intentional arrangement on the part of the Black Ink Clan.

Yang Kai had yet to figure out how the Black Ink Clan precisely created a Pseudo-Royal Lord, but according to the limited information that he possessed, it required the sacrifice of at least 12 Territory Lords and a High-Rank Black Ink Nest. The two High-Rank Black Ink Nests that he destroyed earlier met those conditions; therefore, the Black Ink Clan could implement their plans to create Pseudo-Royal Lords at a moment’s notice.

More than a dozen wounded Innate Territory Lords could easily be killed by a sneak attack from Yang Kai, but dealing with even a single Pseudo-Royal Lord would be extremely difficult. That was the difference between quantity and quality.

The Human Race needed to take precautions against such a possible future!

After sending Ou Yang Lie away, Yang Kai did not remain idle. He threw himself into the World Fruit corresponding to the Universe World that he deliberately left outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Borrowing the power of the World Tree, the space around him warped and the aura of the World washed over him before he emerged outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction in the blink of an eye.

When Yang Kai reappeared again, he immediately detected a powerful Divine Sense reaching towards him from afar. It was none other than Fu Guang, who was in charge of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress. After confirming Yang Kai’s identity, he stopped paying attention to him and focused his vigilance on the movements of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Yang Kai nodded in that direction as a greeting before quickly concealing his aura and staring up at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Not much had changed since the last time he came to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. The Black Ink Clan Army kept rushing out of the gap that Wu Kuang had opened in the past, while the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress maintained its efforts to wipe out this Black Ink Clan Army. Several Black Ink Clansmen would successfully emerge from the gap from time to time, only for the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters of the Suppressing Black Ink Army to step forward to confront them.

The battle was extremely intense, but be that as it may, the Suppressing Black Ink Army was capable of handling it. They barely even suffered any casualties over the years, with the only real loss being the heavy consumption of cultivation resources.

Yang Kai was starting to understand the whole situation now.

Previously, this whole scenario had confused him; after all, the Black Ink Clan knew the consequences of forcing their way through the opening in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. The only consequence waiting for them was death, but if that was the case, why would they continue attacking without fear?

The Black Ink Clan might have held onto the hope of escaping the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction for the first few months, or even years; however, 1,000 years had passed yet no progress had been made. How could the Black Ink Clan fail to see the situation clearly after so many years of failure? No matter how foolish the Black Ink Clan might be, they must have been able to understand how much the Human Race had ground down their strength. Even so, the Black Ink Clan had stubbornly chosen to continue their confrontation with the Suppressing Black Ink Army…

Now, it was apparent that they were not stupid, but instead had other plans! The battle at the gap was nothing more than a distraction!

Thanks to the intense battle at the opening, they not only drew the attention of the Suppressing Black Ink Army, but also Fu Guang. Even Wu Kuang, who controlled the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, was preoccupied with the battle. It was something that Yang Kai had noticed during one of his previous times here. All of Wu Kuang’s energy and focus had been devoted to maintaining control over the opening, so much so that he did not even have the time or mood to speak with Yang Kai.

In this way, the Black Ink Clan had secretly opened a passage for Innate Territory Lords to escape at a location where Fu Guang and Wu Kuang would not notice. Fortunately, even though this passage existed, the Territory Lords still had to pay a huge price to escape the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction by force!

[Where is it?] Yang Kai swept his gaze around, his thoughts spinning wildly in his head…

The person the Black Ink Clan was most concerned about here was probably Wu Kuang as he was the one who controlled the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Their efforts over the years would all be in vain once Wu Kuang noticed the slightest abnormality; therefore, the spot they chose to make a second opening had to be somewhere Wu Kuang would not investigate for no reason.

Yang Kai immediately turned and looked in the exact opposite direction of the gap. Under the urging of Space Principles, Yang Kai’s figure seemed to completely melt into the Void.

Inside the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, Fu Guang frowned slightly. Yang Kai had not only arrived silently but also deliberately concealed both his aura and his whereabouts. Those were clear signs that something was not right. Although he did not know the specifics of Yang Kai’s actions, he instinctively sensed that something major must have happened.

The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction covered an extremely large area. It was the Grand Restriction that the 10 Martial Ancestors had joined forces to create and the land where Mo came into existence. Even its true body had been sealed within this place. Furthermore, Mo had produced countless Black Ink Clansmen inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. One could only imagine the vastness of the land.

With it being so vast, it was indeed difficult for Wu Kuang to conduct comprehensive monitoring when most of his attention had to be focused on a single spot. What’s more, he mentioned something 1,000 years ago. The Grand Restriction was too ancient, so flaws had naturally developed in it.

When Wu Kuang took the initiative to open the gap, it probably caused tremors throughout the entire Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, which the Black Ink Clan probably found a way to exploit.

Half a month later, Yang Kai had silently swept about half of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Unfortunately, he did not discover any abnormalities during his comprehensive search. He did not relax his guard though, for if the anomaly could be found so easily, Wu Kuang would not have been kept in the dark for so long.

Suppressing his impatience, Yang Kai wandered back and forth without aim. A few more days passed before he suddenly detected a strange energy fluctuation coming from a certain spot in the void.

Since he happened to be in the vicinity at the time, he hastily rushed over to investigate the situation. From what Yang Kai could see, there seemed to be a black lump that wriggled vigorously like a living creature in the deep and endless darkness.

The black lump was gradually squeezing its way out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. It did not take long before the black lump broke free. When the pitch-black darkness melted away, a figure was revealed, one of an Innate Territory Lord.

The Innate Territory Lord immediately concealed his aura as much as possible. As he had just escaped the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, his wounds were severe and he did not dare to stay for long, quickly turning in a certain direction to flee.

Yang Kai worked hard to suppress his killing intent. After the Territory Lord gained some distance, he sent a Divine Sense message to Wu Kuang before silently stalking his prey.

Half a day later, the Territory Lord stopped somewhere in the void. His Divine Sense surged as though communicating with someone, then he swiftly travelled in a certain direction. He arrived at an asteroid after some time, where six other Territory Lords had gathered together, each one of them looking extremely weak and tired.

When the Territory Lord arrived at the meeting spot, he finally burst out into happy laughter, “I’m finally out!”

Anybody would be ecstatic to escape from the prison they had been confined to since the beginning of their life. Likewise, the other Territory Lords could not hide their joy either, smiling as they exchanged a few happy words.

Nevertheless, they soon focused their attention, with one of the Territory Lords saying, “We need to wait for a few more of us to come out. Once 15 have gathered here, we will set off for our destination.”

The Territory Lord who arrived last immediately became a little impatient, “Why do we have to wait until 15 of us have gathered here? Won’t we have to wait for a long time, then?”

The Territory Lord who spoke earlier answered, “That’s what the No-Return Pass has arranged for us. We simply need to follow our orders.”

The Territory Lord who came last couldn’t help feeling frustrated, but there was nothing he could do, so he just complained bitterly, “There is neither a Black Ink Nest nor Black Ink Strength here, so we are unable to treat our wounds. Don’t you think just waiting here without doing anything is a waste?”

“The No-Return Pass has already arranged everything for us, so we only need to arrive at the designated place on time. At that point, we will receive everything we could possibly need.”

“I guess that’s our only option!” He sighed heavily.

“I’m afraid you won’t be receiving anything ever again!” A deep voice suddenly sounded behind them. The Territory Lords were stunned for a moment before they all stood up and looked in the direction the voice came from. However, all that entered their vision was a torrential storm of spear shadows.

If it was said that Yang Kai had expended some effort to destroy the Innate Territory Lords hidden within the two High-Rank Black Ink Nests, then slaughtering the Territory Lords gathered here was practically effortless.

The Territory Lords inside the Black Ink Nests had been recuperating for some time, so they had recovered some of their strength. In comparison, these Territory Lords had just escaped from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and each one of them had severely damaged their foundations, so the strength they could exert was less than 30% of their maximum.

Besides, there were only seven Territory Lords here.

After the storm of spear shadows subsided, four out of the seven Territory Lords died on the spot. Among the remaining three Territory Lords, one retaliated in fury while the others immediately chose to flee. Be that as it may, their efforts were futile and it was not long before the auras of all seven Territory Lords were completely annihilated.

Yang Kai frowned and picked up an object from the corpse of a dead Territory Lord. It was a Black Ink Nest the size of a palm, which seemed like it had just been conceived but not yet hatched. If his guess was correct, it was most likely a High-Rank Black Ink Nest.

If everything had gone smoothly, these Territory Lords would have brought this High-Rank Black Ink Nest to a hidden location where they would receive a batch of resources from the No-Return Pass to hatch the Black Ink Nest. After that, they would enter the Black Ink Nest to recuperate from their injuries in deep slumber.