Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5740 - 5740, Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai’s abrupt appearance immediately changed the tides. Initially, the Territory Lords had the advantage in the fight due to their numbers, but they no longer had any inclination to continue fighting. All they could think of was to flee as far away as possible, lest they met their doom.

Nevertheless, they knew that it was futile for them to try and escape from Yang Kai alone considering his mastery over the Dao of Space. Thus, after a brief moment of panic, the Territory Lords quickly began grouping up to form a Battle Formation to try and put up a fight.

However, forming a Battle Formation in this bizarre environment was no easy feat. All along, they failed to form a Battle Formation due to the inconvenience of being surrounded by the swarm of jellyfish. One false move and they would end up making contact with the strange jellyfish, and when that happened, even Masters as powerful as these Territory Lords would fall into a brief trance.

Previously, they gave up on the idea of forming a Battle Formation and simply used their numbers advantage to gang up on Thunder Shadow, who would not have managed to hold out this long if that had not been the case.

They now wanted to attempt forming a Battle Formation again, but it was too late. Thunder Shadow, who deduced what they were trying to do, immediately charged at the nearest Territory Lord. His strong, agile form morphed into a ball of lightning and in the blink of an eye, appeared in front of the Territory Lord. The lightning shrouded him and his opponent so the others could not see what was happening. All they could tell was that powerful forces clashed within the lightning.

Meanwhile, Yang Kai had already raised his spear and charged into the swarm of jellyfish.

As soon as he entered the battlefield, he realised what was strange about these Chaos Entities. They kept oscillating between varying physical states. At times, they could be seen, but at others, they were invisible. They also kept moving around as if a swarm of jellyfish was floating along in the vastness of the Universe Furnace World, though there was no telling where their final destination was.

When they disappeared, even Yang Kai could not detect them. This resulted in him bumping into a jellyfish the moment he entered the battlefield, stopping him in his tracks.

Light flickered and the jellyfish reappeared. Yang Kai could sense a wave of jumbled, chaotic energy coming from the jellyfish, aimed straight at his Soul.

It finally dawned on Yang Kai as to why the Territory Lord who made contact with one of these jellyfish-like Chaos Entity ended up in a dazed, trancelike state.

If the attack landed, the target’s Soul would be hit by that strange energy, and it would indeed be hard to retain full control of one’s senses after taking such an unexpected hit.

A few of these attacks in rapid succession could very well damage one’s Soul.

These jellyfish-like Chaos Entities possessed an innate form of energy that allowed them to attack their opponent’s Soul.

This special characteristic of theirs hindered the Territory Lords and Thunder Shadow’s ability to fight, and from the looks of it, everyone in the battle had found out through firsthand experience.

When one of the nearby Territory Lords noticed what was happening, he grinned happily and charged straight at Yang Kai.

Even if they formed a Battle Formation, they might still fail to hold their own against the Humans’ killing star, but now that Yang Kai had accidentally allowed the jellyfish to attack his Soul, it was a rare and precious chance for them to land an attack.

However, the moment the Territory Lord reached Yang Kai, he realised something was amiss. Even though Yang Kai was standing stiffly as if he was in a trance, his eyes were bright and shrewd. It did not look as if he had lost consciousness at all!

By the time the Territory Lord noticed this, it was too late. He was a decisive individual, so immediately shoved both his hands forward and Black Ink Strength gushed out like a wave crashing onto the shore.

Yang Kai snorted and pierced through the attack with his spear. His Azure Dragon Spear turned into countless spear shadows before condensing into one again.

Black Ink Strength collapsed and dispersed, while the Territory groaned as his body flew backwards, black blood spurting out of a hole in his shoulder. His expression was one of someone who just had a narrow brush with death.

A silhouette appeared in the Territory Lord’s hazy peripheral vision. He looked up and was horrified as he saw Yang Kai pull back his fist.

The Territory Lord reacted in haste and crossed his arms in front of him. The moment Yang Kai’s fist made contact though, a surge of unstoppable force sent the Territory Lord flying backwards once more as his arms fell to the side to reveal the gaping hole in his chest.

Yang Kai was only a step away from becoming a Divine Dragon, so a mere Acquired Territory Lord could not withstand even such a simple attack from him.

The Territory Lord landed on a visible jellyfish-like Chaos Entity and the light faded from his eyes as the attack that battered his Soul made things worse for his heavily wounded body.

Yang Kai raised his hand once more and hurled the Azure Dragon Spear out, piercing right through the Territory Lord who was currently dazed.

The Territory Lord’s aura instantly swelled up before fading away entirely!

It had only been three breaths of time since the fight between Yang Kai and the Territory Lord began, but now the other Territory Lords were trembling with fear as they witnessed how easily Yang Kai had killed one of them.

The Azure Dragon Spear flew back to Yang Kai and he grabbed it before turning to Thunder Shadow, who was still fighting against his opponent, and snapped, “Why didn’t you warn me that these Chaos Entities can attack the Soul, Third Brother?”nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Thunder Shadow growled and ignored Yang Kai.

[As if you needed a warning.]

These jellyfish could hinder everyone else, but Yang Kai, who had the protection of the Soul Warming Lotus, could pay them no mind. If his Soul was attacked, the Soul Warming Lotus would protect him. The Territory Lord assumed that it had been his best chance to strike because Yang Kai had fallen into a trance, but in reality, he was only delivering himself into the hands of the enemy.

[Also… Third Brother? What the Hell is that?]

An inexplicable sense of irritation washed over Thunder Shadow and his attacks became even more ruthless. The lightning that surrounded him and his opponent became even brighter as cries of agony and ferocious growls rang out.

Five Territory Lords had gathered here to gang up on Thunder Shadow, with a sixth nearly joining them before Yang Kai killed him.

Now that Yang Kai had killed the second Territory Lord and Thunder Shadow had pinned one down on his own, there were only three Territory Lords left.

While Yang Kai was dealing with the other Territory Lord, these three Territory Lords managed to gather together and join their auras to form the simplest Three Fortunes Formation.

Despite having successfully formed a Battle Formation, they did not feel any more assured about their chances. Yang Kai had killed a Pseudo-Royal Lord before, and during his time outside the No-Return Pass, he had regularly fought against four Innate Territory Lords who formed the Four Symbols Formation.

Thus, if the Territory Lords wanted to have a fighting chance against Yang Kai, they had to be in at least a Four Symbols Formation, and that also hinged on Yang Kai not employing his strange technique that could injure Souls.

If he did, then a Four Symbols Formation would be useless as well.

Since Yang Kai was inside the Universe Furnace, he was not going to use an artifact like the Soul Rending Thorn as doing so would harm him in the process and have lingering detrimental effects on him. That being said, a Three Fortunes Formation was not sufficient for these Territory Lords to put up a fight against him, so he had no worries in the first place.

The three Territory Lords were quick-witted enough. Once they formed the Battle Formation, they immediately tried to escape, as one of them roared, “Spare our lives, Yang Kai, and the Open Heaven Pill is yours!”

Yang Kai snorted, reached his hand out in their direction, and made a grabbing motion. With a flicker of Space Principles, he grasped something unseen and coolly remarked, “Do you think you can negotiate with me?”

As soon as he said those words, the three Territory Lords stiffened and froze in place against their will.

It was not due to the Space Secret Technique, however, but rather because they were surrounded by the jellyfish-like Chaos Entities. The undetectable Chaos Entities had now revealed themselves and were attacking the Souls of all three Territory Lords who came into contact with them. The Territory Lords instantly became dazed and disoriented.

Yang Kai caught the jellyfish-like Chaos Entities with his Space Secret Technique and teleported them into the Territory Lords’ path. These Chaos Entities could not do much physical damage, but their attacks on the Soul were nearly impossible to avoid, so he made good use of them.

Yang Kai slowly strolled over to the three Territory Lords, brushing away a few of the jellyfish-like Chaos Entities that appeared in his path with his bare hands.

The Territory Lords struggled hard against the relentless attacks on their Souls. Sometimes, they were able to gain clarity, but it would only be for a brief moment before they fell into a daze again. It looked as if the Chaos Entities had rooted them to the spot.

All three of them were now sitting ducks.

When Yang Kai got close to them, he raised his hands. World Force surged forward as he targeted all three and easily reaped their lives.

At the same time, the giant ball of lightning suddenly dissipated and Thunder Shadow walked out. Though he was wounded, his presence was just as strong and domineering as ever. There was a tattered body lying behind him though, looking like it had been torn apart by a hurricane.

Although Thunder Shadow was stronger than these Acquired Territory Lords, he did not have a Soul Warming Lotus to protect his Soul; thus, he still had to put in some effort to kill one head-on in this field of jellyfish.

Yang Kai turned to Thunder Shadow and grinned. There was no need for him to say anything. In the blink of an eye, he was in front of the largest Chaos Entity.

This Chaos Entity was many times bigger than its fellows, though it was uncertain whether it was naturally bigger in the first place or because it devoured an Open Heaven Pill.

The Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill only peeked through and gave off a multi-coloured light when the Chaos Entity’s form became translucent.

“There’s no telling what might happen if this takes too long. We’ll do it together!” Yang Kai shouted and immediately harnessed his Dao Strengths before blasting them at the jellyfish-like Chaos Entity.

Thunder Shadow bounded over and started harnessing his own Dao Strength as well.

Under their combined attacks, the enormous jellyfish-like Chaos Entity instantly started shrinking, as if it had met its mortal enemy.

It seemed to have an instinctive urge to flee from danger, but Yang Kai had used Space Principles to keep it locked in place. It could not move or leave, but its physical state started changing even more rapidly, and the invisible attack on the Soul was shooting out in all directions. Surprisingly, it was able to attack at a distance.

As for the swarm of smaller jellyfish-like Chaos Entities, they were also visibly affected. Their bodies were releasing chaotic energy which soon covered the surrounding void.

Thunder Shadow was affected by this as its Dao Strength would cut off now and then. Upon noticing this, Yang Kai had to channel his Spiritual Energy to protect Thunder Shadow, which saved him from a possible crisis.

Under the constant flow of Dao Strengths, the jellyfish-like Chaos Entity that devoured the Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill kept shrinking until it completely disappeared.

Yang Kai reached out and took the Spirit Pill that was giving off a multi-coloured glow.

He now had a Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill, one which would allow him to break through his limits and become a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master!