Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5771 - 5771, Yang Xue Makes a Move

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Xiao You was terrified of the Chaos Spirit King after the traumatising experience previously. He felt wronged since he wasn’t at fault.

He was indeed the one who discovered the Chaos Spirit Clan’s Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill and intended to snatch it, but he didn’t achieve his goal in the end. Instead, the Spirit Pill was stealthily taken away by Yang Kai. The Chaos Spirit King was so stupid though that after the culprit Yang Kai ran away, it targeted Xiao You.

Before coming across Ou Yang Lie, Xiao You had been hunted down by the Chaos Spirit King, but just as he thought he had finally gotten rid of it, this guy appeared all of a sudden.

It was likely that the Chaos Spirit King was attracted to the great disturbance of the battle. Since the Humans and the Black Ink Clansmen were clashing in this place, it was only natural that the Chaos Spirit King would notice the clamour.

Therefore, the moment Xiao You detected the Chaos Spirit King’s presence, he had the urge to flee right away.

He and Ou Yang Lie were equally matched, but if the Chaos Spirit King joined the fight, he wouldn’t be able to deal with the two of them on his own.

He had personally had a taste of the Chaos Spirit King’s power, so he knew that it was stronger than either Ou Yang Lie or himself by a substantial margin.

Nevertheless, he soon calmed himself. The Chaos Spirit King had very low sentience; otherwise, it wouldn’t have relentlessly raced after him.

Now that it was here, regardless of whether it was attracted to the fallout of the battles, the most attractive thing to it wasn’t the Human Race or the Black Ink Clan, it was the Spirit Pill’s aura.

The Chaos Spirit King was enraged because it had lost a Spirit Pill, so now that there was another ripe for the picking, the Chaos Spirit King would likely want to snatch it.

Xiao You now felt that it might not necessarily be a bad thing for the Black Ink Clan that the Chaos Spirit King appeared all of a sudden. Perhaps things would go contrary to the Humans’ wishes and lead to their downfall.

Therefore, he suppressed his urge to flee while dealing with Ou Yang Lie and paying some attention to the Chaos Spirit King’s movements.

Such a powerful aura appeared all of a sudden and charged towards the battlefield, so it was only natural that the Masters of both Races were shocked and doubtful.

Soon, the Chaos Spirit King arrived, and without hesitating at all, it charged towards Xiang Shan. Wherever it went, the Black Ink Clansmen stepped away and let it pass. On the other hand, the Human Race Masters had no choice but to block the Chaos Spirit King from advancing further.

Six Eighth-Order Masters formed a Six Paths Formation and clashed with the Chaos Spirit King. A moment later, these Eighth-Order Masters paled as their World Forces destabilised. Since the Chaos Spirit King was obstructed, it was apparently furious. It roared like a beast as its Chaotic Force swept everyone away before charging forward again.

Helplessly, the Human Race Masters counterattacked with the Six Paths Formation. Again, they were forced to step back as they were no match for the opponent. If this dragged on, it would only take 10 breaths of time before the Six Paths Formation was broken. When that happened, the Chaos Spirit King would break through the defence line and reach Xiang Shan.

“Hahaha!” Xiao You couldn’t help guffawing, for luck was on their side. He was initially resentful of the Chaos Spirit King, but it turned out to be a blessing for them.

It was indeed attracted to the Spirit Pill’s aura and decided to attack the Humans. In other words, the Black Ink Clan had gotten a powerful helper for free.

Certainly, the Chaos Spirit King wasn’t there to assist them, and if the Black Ink Clansmen got in its way, it would attack them as well. Its only target was the Spirit Pill, after all.

That was good news for the Black Ink Clan. To begin with, the Humans were already at a disadvantage, and now they were faced with the Chaos Spirit King’s suppression. It was only a matter of time before they were destroyed.

Across from Xiao You, Ou Yang Lie grew anxious. The Chaos Spirit King’s appearance had undoubtedly exacerbated the situation for the Humans. He wanted to get rid of Xiao You and go over to block the Chaos Spirit King, but Xiao You naturally wouldn’t grant his wish.

He had pulled back his attacks earlier because he was wary of the Chaos Spirit King, but upon realising Ou Yang Lie’s intention, Xiao You took the initiative to entangle them as he mocked, “Where do you think you’re going!? No one can leave unless one of us is killed, hahaha!”

“If you dare laugh again, I’ll knock your teeth out!” Ou Yang Lie roared as his World Force surged, turning him into a ball of fire.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

It seemed that the Heavens weren’t on the Humans’ side today. Why were there so many twists and turns during Xiang Shan’s ascension? Although Ou Yang Lie had faced some difficulties during his breakthrough, it had been smooth sailing in general. However, when it was Xiang Shan’s turn, he was faced with all sorts of problems, and even the Chaos Spirit King had come targeting him.

Ou Yang Lie was so incensed that he almost erupted like a volcano.

Meanwhile, Xiao You’s attacks intensified. To make the furious Ou Yang Lie stay, he had given up on his defence so that he could stop his opponent from going to Xiang Shan’s rescue.

Just then, ripples formed in the void, and following that, Ou Yang Lie saw a long sword extending from nowhere, a fair hand gripping its hilt.

[Who is that? Why didn’t I know someone was there before?]

Ou Yang Lie was startled.

The next moment, he was ecstatic because he saw a sword-wielding woman and a man stepping out of the ripples. He was familiar with both of them.

The initially arrogant Xiao You was flabbergasted as though he had been struck by lightning.

A sense of danger overwhelmed him as a powerful aura locked onto him, causing him to feel he was doomed.

He didn’t have time to ponder on what happened, but he knew someone had launched a sneak attack on him. Just as he was haughtily trying to make Ou Yang Lie stay, a Master shattered the Void and attacked him from behind.

Given the sense of danger he felt, Xiao You believed this person must be formidable.

The smile on his face froze as he roared and released a large amount of Black Ink Strength, which turned into a Black Ink Cloud in an instant and totally engulfed his figure.

Nevertheless, the sword still accurately pierced into his back the next instant and then thrust out from the other side. A powerful force exploded and formed a hole in his body.

The Black Ink Cloud broke into ten smaller clouds as Ou Yang Lie released his flames to destroy seven of them in the blink of an eye. However, he failed to harm Xiao You’s true body.

Soon, someone was heard saying, “I’ll leave it to you, Senior Brother!”

The helper had turned into a beam in the shape of a sword and charged towards the Chaos Spirit King.

“Don’t worry!” Ou Yang Lie replied briefly as he recognised that person.

He was shocked deep within, for Yang Xue had also ascended to the Ninth Order. It seemed that she had acquired her own opportunity.

Fortunately, she had come at the right time; otherwise, the Human forces here would’ve been in trouble.

On the other hand, Fang Tian Ci left the moment Yang Xue appeared and launched her sneak attack. Presently, he stood in front of the Flowing Time Temple and joined Yang Xiao and the others to deal with Meng Que and the other Black Ink Clansmen.

Recalling the sight earlier, Fang Tian Ci felt gratified. There was no doubt Yang Xue had made the right decision.

Earlier, he was hiding in the dark with Yang Xue. While they were waiting for a chance to strike, the Chaos Spirit King appeared out of the blue. At that time, Yang Xue only had two choices. The first was to deal with the Chaos Spirit King right away to stop the latter from attacking the Humans’ defence line. It was a huge challenge for the Eighth-Order Masters to clash with such a Master, and if they were not careful enough, they would be killed.

The second choice would be to immediately try to kill Xiao You.

Nonetheless, Xiao You spent most of his power defending himself at that time. Even if Yang Xue made a move, it wouldn’t have brought about meaningful results. Once she was exposed, she wouldn’t have time to join forces with Ou Yang Lie and fight with him.

Therefore, the best choice would be directly clashing with the Chaos Spirit King as that was also the safest bet.

However, Yang Xue chose the third option, which was to keep waiting for the best chance.

The Chaos Spirit King clashed with the Humans, and it would only take a short time to shatter the Six Paths Formation in its way. On the other hand, Xiao You was conceited. Just as he was focused on holding Ou Yang Lie back, Yang Xue decisively took action.

She managed to severely injure the Royal Lord with just one strike, after which she headed straight to confront the Chaos Spirit King.

She had to make a decision quickly, for it would affect the outcome of the entire battle. Her decision was a huge bet, but it also showed her confidence in the Human Race Masters.

She believed that the Humans could persevere for a longer time. Regardless of how powerful the Chaos Spirit King was, the Humans were united. As such, they wouldn’t be defeated so easily.

Those in the Six Paths Formation didn’t fail her, nor did she disappoint the Humans.

Fang Tian Ci couldn’t help letting out a sigh, for the young girl had grown up to be a reliable and independent Master.

That was the sorrow of the times.

He soon pulled himself together and connected his aura with the others to ward off the enemies.

In the void, Ou Yang Lie’s red hair flapped in the air like fire as he looked at the astounded Xiao You and grinned, “You’re dead!”

The moment he finished speaking, he turned into a magnificent flame and dashed towards Xiao You.

A Royal Lord had shocking vitality, so even though Yang Xue had badly injured him, she didn’t manage to end his life. As such, Xiao You was still able to fight.

Nevertheless, he was shocked at the fact that there was another new Ninth-Order Master. Including Ou Yang Lie, there were two now. If they also included Xiang Shan, who was attempting a breakthrough, the Humans had managed to secure three Ninth-Order Masters for their side.

Certainly, he wouldn’t forget that Yang Kai had also acquired a Spirit Pill!

Was luck indeed on the Humans’ side? The Black Ink Clansmen were initially at an advantage, but it was gone for good now that a second Ninth-Order Master appeared abruptly. Could there be even more Ninth-Order Masters lurking out there?

While still reeling from the shock, Xiao You had the illusion that there was another Human Race Master lurking behind him, just waiting to give him a fatal blow.

He almost couldn’t contain his urge to escape.

Nonetheless, he stopped himself from doing so. This was a chance the Black Ink Clan mustn’t miss. If their plan was ruined because he ran away, the Black Ink Clan would suffer immense losses, and he also couldn’t accept the outcome.

Furthermore, the Black Ink Clansmen were not on the losing side. They were still at an advantage when it came to trying to ruin Xiang Shan’s ascension. Also, the new Ninth-Order Master had to contend with the Chaos Spirit King, so she couldn’t stop the other Black Ink Clansmen from advancing.

More importantly, Mo Na Ye was on the way to this place.

As long as Mo Na Ye appeared, they would have one more Royal Lord on their side. By then, the Black Ink Clan would take back control of everything.