Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5777 - 5777, Six Paths Formation in Danger

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Mo Na Ye ignored those Pseudo-Royal Lords while feeling vexed.

[The same thing happens every time!]

Whenever he had to deal with Yang Kai, despite being more powerful, he would always lose his temper. That was because Yang Kai could flee swiftly if he was no match for the other party. That was the reason Mo Na Ye had been putting up with him for such a long time.

This time, he could no longer tolerate it or retreat.

“Yang Kai!” He growled as his attacks intensified. Those in the Six Paths Formation, which was led by Yang Xiao, felt immensely pressured in an instant. Still, they gritted their teeth and persevered.

They were initially able to go against Mo Na Ye with six Eighth-Order Masters joining forces; moreover, they had the Flowing Time Temple’s help. However, at this moment, they found it hard to hold on any longer.

It was indeed hard to deal with an enraged Royal Lord.

Yang Xiao and Yang Xue had spent a lot of Military Merits to modify and upgrade the Flowing Time Temple, so it was now just as powerful as Dawning Light back then. Although the temple’s defences had been fully activated, it still shook violently and some cracks began to form.

Meanwhile, Yang Xiao was equally furious. Mo Na Ye had been cursing at Yang Kai but raining the attacks on his Adoptive Son instead, which was outrageous.

Was the Adoptive Son supposed to bear the brunt for his Adoptive Father?

“Stop calling out to me! Do you think I’m your Father or something?”

Yang Kai’s voice was heard all of a sudden. In the meantime, ripples formed in the Void as the man returned with the flowing river in his grip.

Right in front of everyone’s eyes, he shook the river and cast away more than 10 figures. As they looked in that direction, they were shocked.

Those figures were the Territory Lords that had been swept into the river earlier; however, in just several breaths of time, they had lost all vitality. They were still alive and kicking just moments ago.

The problem was, there were no wounds on their bodies, and they appeared oddly at ease. It was as though their lives were snatched from them while they were asleep.

The scene terrified the Black Ink Clan.

Since Yang Kai was able to kill a Pseudo-Royal Lord with his strange river, there was no doubt that the Territory Lords that were drawn into it were doomed. What horrified them though was that they had no idea how those Territory Lords were killed.

It was only natural that people feared the unknown. Yang Kai was able to slaughter those Territory Lords without much effort, which was why they were fearful.

The moment Yang Kai reappeared, the Pseudo-Royal Lords made a move as their powerful Secret Techniques swept across the void.

Yang Kai’s figure flickered as Space Principles undulated. Although he was struck several times, he still managed to break the siege and flee from the attacking Pseudo-Royal Lords. While spitting blood, he charged forward in a particular direction.

In that direction, more than 10 Territory Lords, who had formed different Battle Formations, felt deeply distressed. It was apparent to them what Yang Kai was up to.

They had just witnessed their clansmen’s deaths, and their corpses were still warm. They certainly wouldn’t want to die along with them.

Seeing that Yang Kai was about to reach them, these Territory Lords hurriedly tried to run away. Just then, Thunder Shadow, who had gone into hiding amidst the chaos earlier, reappeared abruptly with a figure surrounded by lightning. With him as the centre, a gigantic lighting ball exploded and formed a giant web. In an instant, the Territory Lords stiffened.

At the same time, the Human Race Masters in that direction cast their Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques at those Territory Lords.

The Humans were in a passive position a while ago because they had to form a defence perimeter to protect Xiang Shan. As such, they were unable to move around. Faced with the bombardment of attacks, they could only focus on defending themselves. Fortunately, with the Warships’ protection, they managed to hold on.

Now that there was a chance to make a move, they certainly wouldn’t hesitate to do so.

The moves from Thunder Shadow and the Human Race Masters ensured that the Territory Lords were unable to run away, and the instant Yang Kai arrived, he swept those Territory Lords into the river.

A heartbroken Mo Na Ye roared, “Yang Kai, you dare?!”

Across from him, Yang Xiao and the others in the Six Paths Formation were in a perilous situation as they felt even greater pressure from their opponent.

Yang Xiao secretly lamented, thinking that he was there to bear Mo Na Ye’s wrath in his Adoptive Father’s stead.

Meanwhile, Yang Kai, who had captured over ten Territory Lords, ran away with the Space-Time River. While spitting blood, he announced, “I’ll be back!”

*Hong long long!*

The Pseudo-Royal Lords fully activated their powers and struck in the direction where Yang Kai was fleeing; however, his figure kept flickering and disappeared soon after.

Mo Na Ye’s face was gloomy as he thought that Yang Kai was indeed a huge threat to them. Whenever Yang Kai appeared, the Black Ink Clan would suffer immense losses. This time, apart from over 20 Territory Lords, even a Pseudo-Royal Lord had been killed.

Moreover, since it took several Pseudo-Royal Lords to even partially restrain Yang Kai, a great deal of pressure had been lifted off the Humans’ defence line. Initially, the Humans were in a passive position, but they were now able to fight back. In some places, they had even gained the upper hand as the Territory Lords were forced to step back.

Seeing this, Mo Na Ye knew that they couldn’t allow Yang Kai to dictate the flow of the battle any longer; otherwise, they would just be led around by the nose.

He had dealt with Yang Kai several times, so he understood the latter very well. Based on past experiences, once Yang Kai managed to influence the war enough, the Black Ink Clan was doomed to fail.

After making up his mind, Mo Na Ye barked, “Focus on breaking their defence line and killing Xiang Shan!”

The Pseudo-Royal Lords immediately turned around and charged towards Xiang Shan. That was what they had been doing before Yang Kai disrupted them, and with the help of these Pseudo-Royal Lords, the Black Ink Clan once again seized the initiative. Although more than 20 Territory Lords had been killed, the overall situation hadn’t changed. They were still at an advantage.

It had to be said that Mo Na Ye was a brilliant strategist and tactician. He didn’t lose his composure because of Yang Kai’s intervention and understood that the key to this battle was whether Xiang Shan would successfully break through or not.

As long as the Black Ink Clan could stop that from happening, the Humans would lose the chance of having a new Ninth-Order Master, and victory would belong to the Black Ink Clan.

They had a great chance of achieving their goal as well as it wasn’t like the Humans could persevere forever. Once Mo Na Ye shattered the Six Paths Formation in front of him, he could provide even more assistance to the siege. By then, Xiang Shan would be doomed.

If not for Yang Kai, the Black Ink Clan would’ve been in control of everything the entire time.

Despite Yang Kai’s appearance, as long as the Black Ink Clan could stick to their plan, the Humans wouldn’t be able to turn things around. The best they could do was to stall for time.

Seeing how intense the battle was, Yang Kai had a solemn expression. Corpses of the Territory Lords in perfect condition dropped out of the Space-Time River again.

Given enough time, he could’ve continued to harass the Black Ink Clan, slaughtering the Territory Lords to weaken their collective power.

Nevertheless, as he observed the battlefield, he knew that time was running out.

It wasn’t that something had happened to the defence line surrounding Xiang Shan. Before his arrival, even though the Humans were at a disadvantage as they had fewer people on their side, they were able to resist the bombardment of attacks from the enemies. Since more than 20 Territory Lords had been killed, they felt less pressured.

The problem was with Yang Xiao and his Six Paths Formation; after all, they were dealing with a true Royal Lord. Despite having the Flowing Time Temple’s help, they were still no match for Mo Na Ye. It was already commendable that that had held on until now.

At that moment, the Flowing Time Temple was about to collapse. While Yang Xiao was pale, some people around him spat blood and their auras plunged.

These six Eighth-Order Masters were a complete entity. If one of them collapsed, the entire Battle Formation would come apart. When that happened, Mo Na Ye would be able to kill all of them.

Mo Na Ye could tell that they were on their last legs, so he bombarded them with attacks that were as violent as a storm. At the same time, he growled through clenched teeth, “Yang Kai, I heard that he’s your Adoptive Son! Are you going to just watch as I kill him!?”

They had been contending with each other for years, but even if he couldn’t kill Yang Kai, he had the confidence to slaughter his Adoptive Son.

In the void, Yang Kai arched his brow.

[Is he trying to provoke me? What is he trying to achieve? What’s the point of him provoking me at this point? Is he worried that I’ll target those Territory Lords instead? Is that why he’s forcing me to confront him to pin me down? It’s possible…]

However, Yang Kai knew that he mustn’t underestimate Mo Na Ye, who was not only very patient, but cunning. Over the years, he dealt with Yang Kai directly a few times, so it was obvious he was up to something by trying to provoke him under these circumstances.

Regardless of what his intention was, Yang Kai had no choice but to help.

Yang Xiao and his Six Paths Formation were on their last legs. As Mo Na Ye rained attacks down on them. The Battle Formation would fall apart at any moment.

As Yang Kai guffawed, he stepped forward and bellowed, “You only know how to bully a child? Why not ask his Father first!”

Yang Xiao rolled his eyes when he heard that. He was an Ancient Dragon who was several thousand years old, after all. How could his Adoptive Father call him a child?

As Yang Kai brushed past the defence line, he released and retracted the Space-Time River like it was a whip, after which several Territory Lords were swept into it.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

In an instant, currents surged in the river as 10,000 Grand Daos were stimulated. When Yang Kai arrived at the battlefield, the corpses of those Territory Lords fell out of the river with no vitality left.

He then stepped into the Six Paths Formation, which was led by Yang Xiao, and infused his aura into it.

Instantly, the Six Paths Formation became the Seven Stars Formation. However, Yang Xiao’s face blanched as he roared.

As the Core of the Formation, he had to harmonise the powers coming from all directions, so he felt immensely pressured. Since he was an Ancient Dragon with a figure of over 90,000 metres long, he was better able to bear such pressure, but he had never formed a Seven Stars Formation with others before, so he found it difficult to harmonise everyone’s power at that moment. When he led the Six Paths Formation just now, the Battle Formation could still run smoothly; however, the instant Yang Kai joined them, the Battle Formation started shaking violently, as though it would come apart at any moment.

That was the reason the Human Race Masters found it hard to form stronger Battle Formations. When it came to Battle Formations, more people was not always better. Just like shoes, one had to choose ones that fit.

The Eighth-Order Masters that could form a Seven Stars or Eight Trigrams Formation were those who spent millennia fighting together, so they understood each other extremely well. They also had to rehearse the Battle Formation countless times so that they could achieve the desired result when dealing with enemies.

On top of all that, it was dangerous for Yang Kai to barge into a Battle Formation that was already running to begin with. If something went wrong, instead of forming a higher Battle Formation, he would make the original one break apart.