Chapter 5780, Offence and Defence Reversed

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pills were undoubtedly the best opportunities in the Universe. Xiang Shan could clearly feel that, with the help of the Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill, the thick boundary wall surrounding his Small Universe was slowly dissolving. When it was destroyed, he would make it to the Ninth Order.

However, up until now, only 70% had been broken down. The remaining 30% was still stopping his Small Universe from expanding, which made it impossible for him to break through.

Although he was anxious, there was nothing much he could do.

If he gave up, the Humans would no longer be in a passive position. At the very least, they would no longer need to surround and protect him.

Nevertheless, if he gave up now, the Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill would be wasted. In this kind of situation, how could someone like him, a mere peak Eighth-Order Master, do anything to turn things around?

Only by ascending to the Ninth Order could he help the Human Race destroy the Black Ink Clan here.

Just like Ou Yang Lie, Xiang Shan was equally anxious, but there was nothing he could do, as such, he gritted his teeth and madly pushed his strength to refine the Open Heaven Pill’s medicinal efficacies in the hope that the boundary walls in his Small Universe would dissolve faster.

In a particular spot of the defence line made up of Human Race Masters, five Eighth-Order Masters, who had previously parted ways with Yang Kai, formed a Five Elements Formation to ward off the enemies.

Presently, Tian Xiu Zhu, who was an old veteran Eighth-Order Master, served as the Core of the Formation while Zhan Tian He, Xiong Ji, Liu Fei Fei, and Lin Wu supported him. Apart from Lin Wu, who ascended to the Eighth-Order inside the Universe Furnace World, the others were already Eighth-Order Masters before arriving in this place. As such, the Battle Formation they had established was fairly powerful.

As they fought though, Lin Wu suddenly sent a transmission to everyone, “I’m worried that Senior Brother Yang and the others might not be able to hold on for long.”

Before he brought this matter up, the others didn’t give it much thought, but now, even Liu Fei Fei worriedly spoke up, “The Eight Trigrams Formation is too draining for those in the Formation.”

When Yang Kai successfully formed the Eight Trigrams Formation, the Humans were just as surprised as the Black Ink Clansmen; however, because the Core was Yang Kai, a legendary figure who could make the impossible possible, they quickly accepted the situation.

Although the Battle Formation had been established though, no one could tell how long it could last.

Everyone could see that, which was why Mo Na Ye was stalling for time and Ou Yang Lie blew his top.

Tian Xiu Zhu chastised them by saying, “Don’t get distracted! Focus on dealing with the enemy in front of you!”

At this point, they had to concentrate on warding off the Black Ink Clan instead of worrying about others. If the enemy managed to break their defence, Xiang Shan would be in danger.

Tian Xiu Zhu secretly thought that these new Eighth-Order Masters were just not as hardened as the long-time ones.

Under normal circumstances, everyone would’ve just obeyed his order; however, Lin Wu seemed insistent as he went on to say, “Senior Brother Tian, we have to lend a helping hand to Senior Brother Yang. Once their Battle Formation collapses, not just Senior Xiang Shan will be in danger, all of us will be.”

Tian Xiu Zhu furrowed his brow, “How are we supposed to assist them?” He had no idea what was on Lin Wu’s mind. They were surrounded by Black Ink Clansmen, so it was difficult for them to break the siege as it is. Blood Crow managed to escape earlier because his Secret Art was unique, which caught the Black Ink Clan off guard.

None of them had techniques that could replicate what Blood Crow had done, so how were they supposed to leave? Moreover, if they did that, the Humans in this place would surely face greater pressure.

Lin Wu replied quickly, “It’s not that I doubt Senior Brother Yang’s capabilities. Given his strength, he can certainly sustain the Eight Trigrams Formation as its Core for some time, but what about the others? How long can they hold on? Apart from Senior Brother Yang, if any one of them collapses, the Battle Formation will break apart.”

He was only telling the truth, and it was a matter everyone was concerned about.

Then, he continued, “Given the situation, only we can lend Senior Brother Yang a helping hand. If we don’t come up with a way, do we wait until the Eight Trigrams Formation falls apart? Please consider my suggestion, Senior Brother Tian!”

The others fell into their thoughts as well.

Lin Wu said they were the only ones who could give Yang Kai a helping hand because they were faced with less pressure compared to the other Masters; after all, they were dealing with an injured Pseudo-Royal Lord, Meng Que.

There were over ten Pseudo-Royal Lords on the battlefield, and although Yang Kai had killed one of them, there were still many more to deal with. Presently, they were applying pressure on the Humans in different places.

Tian Xiu Zhu and the others were dealing with Meng Que and some Territory Lords.

Certainly, Zhan Tian He and the others were familiar with Meng Que as he, Xiong Ji, and Liu Fei Fei had faced off against him together with Yang Kai, Ou Yang Lie, and Thunder Shadow some time ago, leaving both sides battered.

Since Meng Que was badly wounded before this battle broke out, he was unable to fully utilise all his power.

It was unlike the other Pseudo-Royal Lords, who were all in top condition. As such, the other Human Race Masters were unlikely to break the siege.

If they wanted to provide support to Yang Kai, their group would have the best chance of achieving this goal by settling Meng Que first. It had to be said that Lin Wu was a shrewd person.

After his persuasion, Tian Xiu Zhu couldn’t help falling into his thoughts as well. A moment later, he nodded, “You have a point. Only we can help Junior Brother Yang and the others.” Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

At that moment, he couldn’t help feeling he had grown too old. Although he was more experienced than the young ones, he wasn’t as flexible as them.

Lin Wu then said grimly, “Senior Brother Tian, we’d better get prepared early so that we can lend them a hand at any moment.”

Tian Xiu Zhu nodded almost imperceptibly, “Follow my lead!”

“Yes!” They all replied.

The next moment, Tian Xiu Zhu surged his Divine Sense and sent a transmission to the Human Race Masters in the nearby Battle Formations. A moment later, they nodded imperceptibly as they were ready to offer their help when Tian Xiu Zhu and the others took action.

Soon, everything was prepared; however, Tian Xiu Zhu didn’t immediately act to assist Yang Kai as it was an arrangement that they would rather not use. Presently, they had to sustain the current situation and protect the defence line. Once it was necessary for them to shift to providing assistance though, they wouldn’t hesitate to do so.

Everyone in the Eight Trigrams Formation felt immensely pressured, and even Yang Kai was injured and soaked in blood.

Every time they attacked, it was a strain on their bodies and Souls. They had no choice though as their opponent was a Royal Lord.

On the other hand, Mo Na Ye was equally battered. Faced with the Eight Trigrams Formation, he could hardly counterattack and was forced back repeatedly as his Black Ink Strength was scattered.

Strictly speaking, a Seven Stars Formation was enough to deal with a newly promoted Royal Lord like him. With Yang Kai as the Core, they could even oppose a veteran Royal Lord like Mo Yu with an Eight Trigrams Formation.

There was no doubt that Yang Kai and the others were at an advantage at that moment as all of them were going all out to kill the Royal Lord before them, but it was still extremely difficult to do so. Regardless of how battered Mo Na Ye looked, he was still a true Royal Lord. Unless they were significantly more powerful, they couldn’t end his life.

Yang Kai and the others were caught in a dilemma. Although they had expected this outcome, they were still unable to turn things around.

The Space-Time River had been turned into a long whip, and every time Yang Kai wielded it, 10,000 Grand Daos evolved and integrated to release awe-inspiring might.

Despite his majestic aura, however, it would inevitably wither as time passed.

When the Eight Trigrams Formation started showing signs of weakening, a battered Mo Na Ye guffawed, “Yang Kai, if you can’t kill me today, you will die!”

Yang Kai glared at him without saying anything and wielded his whip. The attack was supposed to be fierce, but it became sluggish all of a sudden. In the Battle Formation, one of the Eighth-Order Master was no longer able to hold on as he tipped his head back and sprayed out a mouthful of blood. At the same time, his aura plunged.

He had been holding on for far too long.

Over thousands of years, Humans had always formed Battle Formations to deal with their enemies; however, an Eight Trigrams Formation of Eighth-Order Masters had only appeared once before today. At that time, the Formation only lasted for 20 breaths, after which the Eighth-Order Master who served as the Core perished while the other seven were seriously wounded.

Their sacrifice was not in vain though as they managed to kill a Pseudo-Royal Lord and several Territory Lords.

Since then, the Eight Trigrams Formation had never appeared again on any Battlefield until Yang Kai managed to pull off this feat.

This time, they had been holding on for an hour. Although Yang Kai, as the Core of the Formation, had borne half the pressure, the others didn’t have it easy.

The pressure didn’t only come from the Battle Formation, but also Mo Na Ye’s attacks.

Since an Eighth-Order Master was no longer able to persevere, it wouldn’t be long before more people collapsed.

Seeing this, Mo Na Ye stopped being passive and became smug instead, “It’s my turn!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he switched from defence to offence. Black Ink Strength surged and swept over them like a storm.

Yang Kai knitted his brow tightly. Left with no choice, he surrounded them with the Space-Time River to ward off the attacks.

At that instant, the Humans fell into a passive position, and their remaining advantage was gone for good.

Simultaneously, Tian Xiu Zhu, who had been paying attention to the battle over there, sent a transmission to his surrounding allies with a determined gaze, “It’s time. Please lend us your aid, everyone!”

Following that, the Human Race Masters in that section of the defence line surged their Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques. Unlike how passive they were earlier, they took the initiative to attack.

The turn of events caught the Black Ink Clansmen off guard and for a moment, they found it hard to resist their opponents.

Meng Que, who was in charge of this sector of the line, was startled for a moment. He could see members of a Five Elements Formation charging towards him as though they were prepared to sacrifice themselves.

Tian Xiu Zhu, who was at the front, roared, “Black Ink Bastard, go to Hell!”

His imposing aura shocked Meng Que. Although he was the third Pseudo-Royal Lord to be born within the Black Ink Clan, he had never been used or valued.

Now, there were quite a few Pseudo-Royal Lords, and as such, he became even less important.

He had always been ambitious. Initially, he intended to make a great contribution while in the Universe Furnace World. Nevertheless, luck wasn’t on his side. He repeatedly came across powerful opponents and became injured, which was why he was so frustrated.