Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5788, Divine Dragon

Translator: Silavin & Jon

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

While the Fang Family’s Patriarch was doubtful, the colossal golden figure seemed to have sensed something and looked in their direction. Despite the distance, Fang Tian Ci could clearly see what was going on in the Fang Family Village.

Then, he flicked his fingers and shot out a white light, which soon landed in front of the Patriarch with a faint thrum.

As the Patriarch looked on intently, he realised there was a sword in front of him. Despite the modest appearance, the sword was actually an extremely high grade artifact.

The Patriarch hurriedly straightened up and grasped the hilt. To his surprise, he was able to pull out the sword easily.

When he saw the character ‘Fang’ on the hilt, he realised something and shouted, “It is Ancestor Tian Ci! Heavens bless Ancestor Tian Ci!”

Behind him, countless Fang Family’s descendants called out, “Heavens bless Ancestor Tian Ci!”

The golden figure that Fang Tian Ci had turned into nodded gently and shot towards the Golden Dragon along with Thunder Shadow. Before they even arrived, their figures started dissipating into millions of points of light before assimilating into the Golden Dragon.

Although Fang Tian Ci was only a Soul Clone, he was born and raised in this World. In the end, he still had sentiments for the Fang Family. That was the reason he left behind his sword before leaving. As long as the sword was still around, the Fang Family would continue to thrive.

The entire Void World was the true body’s Small Universe, so why would the Soul Clone’s sword be lost? It could be said that as long as the true body was still alive and the Small Universe remained intact, the Fang Family would continue to prosper.

Despite being a Soul Clone, Fang Tian Ci wanted to do something for his family at the end of his life.

Following the integration of the two Soul Clones, the colour of the golden Phantom Dragon thickened. Its figure trembled and expanded in length.

The Phantom Dragon was already 99,999 metres long, which was only a step away from 100,000 metres. Now that Yang Kai had merged with the two, he had finally shattered the bottleneck. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At that, he was surprised.

Back then, when his Dragon Vein was stuck and couldn’t be improved any further, Yang Kai figured that he would have to ascend to the Ninth Order before he could break this bottleneck and become a Divine Dragon.

It never crossed his mind that he would become a Divine Dragon first.

After giving it some thought though, he realised it wasn’t so surprising. Both his Human Self and Monster Self were split and had to combine with his Source. Now that the two had integrated with him, his Source would naturally be strengthened. It naturally allowed him to become a Divine Dragon first.

Yang Kai couldn’t help feeling ecstatic, for he managed to become a Divine Dragon at the perfect time.

Presently, he was no longer able to escape from the three Pseudo-Royal Lords. Although he had repeatedly used his Space Secret Technique, his Dao Strength was in turmoil, which made it impossible for him to use Instantaneous Movement smoothly. As such, he was unable to shake off these powerful opponents. Now, he was cornered by the three Pseudo-Royal Lords in a particular spot in the void.

They were madly activating their aura to strike at Yang Kai and the Void around him. They were trying to disturb Yang Kai and make it impossible for him to run away.

Since Yang Kai was no longer able to flee, the murderous intent of these Pseudo-Royal Lords surged as one of them yelled, “Kill!”

They then charged towards him from different directions. As their Black Ink Strength surged, they cast powerful Secret Techniques at Yang Kai, who staggered while appearing battered.

If Yang Kai had not just become a Divine Dragon, he wouldn’t have persevered for long when faced with the bombardment of attacks from three Pseudo-Royal Lords. He would’ve had to spend some energy evading their attacks before, but the difference of one metre allowed him to ascend to the next stage, increasing his powers tremendously.

The difference between an Ancient Dragon and a Divine Dragon was similar to that between an Eighth-Order Master and a Ninth-Order Master.

It could be said that since Yang Kai was now a Divine Dragon, he was already able to deal with three Pseudo-Royal Lords; however, it was still hard for him to defeat them. This couldn’t be helped as he was at the most critical moment of using the Three Selves Source Reconstitution Art. If he wanted to make it to the Ninth Order, most of his focus had to remain on that.

Yang Kai’s Dragon Vein was only one of the reasons why he was powerful, while his Small Universe was his true foundation.

He had a feeling that he couldn’t reach the Creation Realm by relying on his Dragon Vein alone. It was only when his Small Universe grew stronger that he could peek at a higher Realm of the Martial Dao.

Yang Kai had to spend most of his energy monitoring his Small Universe and circulating the Three Selves Source Reconstitution Art while only a small part of his energy was diverted to deal with the three Pseudo-Royal Lords. That was the reason he still appeared to be in danger.

Fortunately, after becoming a Divine Dragon, his body became much more resistant to beatings.

Dragons had thick skin and strong flesh to begin with, not to mention that he was a Divine Dragon now, the most powerful of all Dragons.

From the outside, it appeared to everyone that Yang Kai was in mortal peril. Facing three Pseudo-Royal Lords, Yang Kai stood no chance of surviving and it was only a matter of time before he was defeated and killed.

Ou Yang Lie had thrown all caution to the wind as he raged. Although Xiao You felt bitter, he didn’t dare to let his opponent go. He could only grit his teeth and hold on as he joined forces with eight Territory Lords to ward off Ou Yang Lie’s violent storm of attacks.

Yang Xue bit her lip so hard that it started bleeding. Now, it was Mo Na Ye trying to make sure she couldn’t leave, not the other way around.

Since Yang Kai was about to be killed, Mo Na Ye certainly wouldn’t let Yang Xue stop that from happening.

Everyone assumed that Yang Kai was doomed and he might lose his life at any moment. Nevertheless, the three Pseudo-Royal Lords fighting him felt that something was off. Although they had indeed managed to gain the upper hand, the feedback from the battle they received was strange somehow.

It was as if something was greatly amiss.

Supposedly, since Yang Kai was only a peak Eighth-Order Master, he could only rely on Space Secret Techniques to escape in this situation. Regardless of how powerful he was, there had to be a limit.

Now that he was unable to flee, he should have lost his biggest advantage. With three Pseudo-Royal Lords joining forces, they should be able to kill him with ease.

However, despite how battered Yang Kai appeared and how frequently he spat blood, they were unable to kill him.

In fact, he still seemed full of life.

What’s more, when their attacks landed on him, they couldn’t cause any serious impact. It was as though a mysterious force was undermining their powers, making it impossible for them to deal a fatal blow.

Yang Kai even counterattacked from time to time, and the power he exhibited didn’t seem to belong to an Eighth-Order Master.

Feeling uneasy, the three Pseudo-Royal Lords intensified their attacks.

Faced with this kind of barrage, Yang Kai could only clench his teeth and persist. He was at the most critical moment of uniting his three Selves. He had been waiting for this moment for thousands of years, so he wasn’t willing to just give up because once he failed, he probably wouldn’t get a second chance.

The final war between the Black Ink Clan and the Human Race had begun, so he didn’t have time to nurture another Human Self and Monster Self.

Therefore, he was determined to succeed.

Although he was now a Divine Dragon, Yang Kai couldn’t hold on for long while dealing with three Pseudo-Royal Lords. He had to make it to the Ninth Order before he lost all strength; otherwise, he could only give up.

When Fang Tian Ci and Thunder Shadow merged with his Source, he managed to become a Divine Dragon, but on top of that, he could feel that there was something else added to his Small Universe.

It was something Yang Kai couldn’t describe or identify.

He tried to calm himself down and investigate, but it was to no avail. Nonetheless, he could feel that this indescribable thing had filled his entire Small Universe.

The Golden Dragon phantom roared. As Dragon Pressure spread across the World, the robust boundary walls around his Small Universe started wavering.

Yang Kai was elated, thinking that the Three Selves Source Reconstitution Art was working.

When he reached the limit of his cultivation, Yang Kai could feel the boundary wall’s presence in his Small Universe. It could be said that every peak Eighth-Order Master unable to ascend to the Ninth-Order could feel this boundary wall in their Small Universe.

That was the shortcoming of the Open Heaven Realm Method. The shackles within a cultivator couldn’t be broken by using ordinary means.

It had been quite some time since Yang Kai reached the peak of the Eighth Order; however, regardless of how hard he tried, he was unable to expand or break the boundary wall at all. Although the boundary wall was invisible, it was extremely robust, as it engulfed his entire Small Universe.

Nevertheless, at this moment, the boundary wall was shaken. This was undoubtedly a good start. As long as the boundary wall was broken, his Small Universe would continue to expand, which would then allow him to make it to the Ninth Order.

The Phantom Dragon continued to roar and smash into the boundary wall. Every time it did that, the boundary wall would shake, and as time passed, the intensity of the boundary wall’s trembling increased.

As such, Yang Kai spent even more energy to circulate the Three Selves Source Reconstitution Art.

Gradually, small cracks formed on the boundary wall. As long as he spent enough time and effort, he would be able to shatter the boundary wall!

To his chagrin though, after he made some calculations, Yang Kai helplessly realised that he didn’t have enough time.

Presently, he didn’t only have to attempt breaking through to the Ninth Order but also deal with three Pseudo-Royal Lords.

They were Pseudo-Royal Lords, not Territory Lords, so while they weren’t on par with true Royal Lords, it did not mean they were weak.

Despite being a Divine Dragon, Yang Kai was unable to hold on for long while remaining passive against such foes. At this rate, he was worried that he would be killed before he managed to break the barrier around his Small Universe.

As such, he had to hurry up.

However, he was circulating the Three Selves Source Reconstitution Art at its supposed maximum, so there was nothing else he could do to enhance the process.

[Should I just give up?]

If he gave up at this point, he certainly could contend with the three Pseudo-Royal Lords since he was a Divine Dragon; nonetheless, his dream of becoming a Ninth-Order Master would be crushed, and the integration of his Human Self and Monster Self would be rendered meaningless.

If he refused to give up, his injuries would only worsen until he was no longer able to hang on. Even if he gave up at that point, he would be too battered to fight three Pseudo-Royal Lords.

At that moment, Yang Kai fell into a dilemma.

It was because of all these risks that he had wanted to look for the right time and place to unite his three Selves; however, things had come to a point where he had no choice but to take a chance. To his dismay, things went contrary to his wishes.

The sudden appearance of the Universe Furnace, the start of the war in this place, and the disadvantage that the Human Race was facing made Yang Kai fall into such an awkward situation.

He secretly let out a sigh. If he couldn’t achieve his goal, he would have no choice but to give up. Even though he couldn’t make it to the Ninth Order, he had become a Divine Dragon at the very least, so he was glad that he had achieved something.

After making up his mind, Yang Kai scanned the entire Small Universe and felt sorrowful as he figured he would never make it to the Ninth Order in his lifetime.