Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5791 - 5791, Plotting

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai’s many years of cultivation were a path with bumps and thorns. Moments ago, his Martial Dao had come to a standstill, but now that he had finally reached the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm, he couldn’t help but sigh with a multitude of emotions!

With the expansion of his Small Universe, his heritage strength, which was already powerful, grew at a steady pace.

Nevertheless, there was still a limit to this kind of growth, and soon after, his Small Universe calmed down and stabilized at a new peak.

Taking advantage of Yang Kai’s momentary distraction, the two Pseudo-Royal Lords had already fled back to the Black Ink Clan. The sudden death of their companion had left them terrified, so how could they have the courage to remain behind to face Yang Kai? At this moment, it was only natural for them to run to a place with more allies to seek a sense of security.

The Black Ink Clan’s side had some 10 Pseudo-Royal Lords and a large number of Territory Lords, so even if Yang Kai had reached the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm and decided to pursue them, they might still be able to put up a fight.

In any case, Yang Kai did not seem to have any intention of killing his way over; instead, he simply stretched out his hand and made a grabbing motion. The next moment, a figure appeared out of thin air.

It was none other than Lin Wu, who had ambushed him and caused the Eight Trigrams Formation to break apart previously. He had been staying nearby, probably looking for an opportunity to sneak attack Yang Kai again, but everything happened too fast. Yang Kai somehow advanced the Ninth-Order and killed a Pseudo-Royal Lord with a single thrust of his spear, so Lin Wu basically had no suitable opportunity to make his move.

Furthermore, he was only a newly promoted Eighth-Order Master, so even if he really attacked, he might not be able to play any role in such a battle.

Lin Wu instinctively tried to resist after being captured by Yang Kai, but bound by Space Principles, he was unable to move a finger.

The next moment, a dazzling pure white light enveloped Lin Wu. He instantly started screaming miserably as Black Ink Strength was purged from his body completely.

After finishing this, Yang Kai let go of him. Guilt instantly blanketed Lin Wu as he stuttered, “S-Senior Brother Yang, I…”

Yang Kai interrupted him, “You don’t need to explain, killing the enemy is what you should do now!”

Lin Wu grit his teeth before nodding, “Yes!” He then looked around for a moment before turning around and flying off towards Tian Xiu Zhu and the others.

At this time, the huge battlefield was divided into four battlefronts. The first battlefront was naturally Yang Xue versus Mo Na Ye, the second battlefront was fought between the Black Ink Clan Masters and the besieged the Human Race Masters, the third battlefront was fought between Ou Yang Lie and Xiao You and his eight Territory Lord allies, and the last battlefront involved Tian Xiu Zhu leading the Five Elements Formation confronting the Pseudo-Royal Lord, Meng Que.

Previously, Tian Xiu Zhu, who was leading his Battle Formation, sent Lin Wu and Zhan Tian He to assist Yang Kai in maintaining the Eight Trigrams Formation, but because of this, they were stranded outside the main battlefield and unable to return to their own side. Ultimately, they had no choice but to enter a battle with Meng Que.

Lin Wu checked the four battlefronts. Obviously, he could not intervene in the battle between a Ninth-Order Master and a Royal Lord, nor could he break through the defensive line of the Black Ink Clan who were besieging the Humans. The only fight he could join was the one Tian Xiu Zhu was leading. Perhaps after joining Tian Xiu Zhu and the others, they could form a Six Paths Formation and repel the enemy.

Originally, there was another battlefield where Yang Kai was fighting against three Pseudo-Royal Lords alone; however, after the death of one of the three Pseudo-Royal Lords, the rest had fled, leaving Yang Kai completely free.

After Lin Wu left, Yang Kai flew in another direction with his Space-Time River flowing over his spear.

Suddenly, Mo Na Ye’s thoughts fell into complete disarray; and why not? After all, Yang Kai was coming straight for him!

At first, he was able to fight evenly with Yang Xue. Although he was at a slight disadvantage because of his injuries, it did not bring him that much harm. In this battle, they were basically mutually restraining each other, so he could neither kill Yang Xue, nor could she kill him.

But if Yang Kai joined in, he would definitely not be able to survive in the face of Yang Kai’s treacherous methods.

In the blink of an eye, Mo Na Ye shouted, “Kill all the Humans at all costs, or it will be too late!”

After he gave the order, the Black Ink Clan’s offence immediately became fiercer; originally, the Humans on the other side of the battlefield were no match for the Black Ink Clan, be it in quality or quantity, so things were not looking good for them. The main reason they were able to hold on until now was because of the protection of many Warships and superior Battle Formations.

But at this point in the battle, most Warships had been destroyed, so now, the Humans were only holding their ground thanks to the joint efforts of the Eighth-Order Masters and the Black Ink Clan’s fear of death, but they could not last long.

Once the defensive line was broken, the Black Ink Clan, under the leadership of the many Pseudo-Royal Lords, would definitely massacre the Human Masters, causing tremendous casualties.

Previously, the Black Ink Clan had been acting cautiously against the Humans, but after Mo Na Ye had given the order, they no longer had any scruples and were willing to pay any price to kill the enemy.

Yang Kai, who was heading straight towards Mo Na Ye, momentarily stopped before continuing with his original intention. At the same time, he thrust his spear out at Mo Na Ye before he even arrived while shouting in a cold voice, “Clever!”

Mo Na Ye, who was still entangled with Yang Xue, had a drastic change in his expression. Clearly, Yang Kai had thrust his spear from quite a distance, but he had a feeling that he would not be able to block it even from afar. The oncoming spear gave the feeling as if it was thrust from right in front of him.

Mo Na Ye’s figure shook as his Black Ink Strength gushed out. While he was pulling back, he saw the tip of the spear rapidly expanding in his eyes, quickly filling his vision.

Unable to defend and unable to dodge, Mo Na Ye let out an indignant roar before gathering all his energy in his palm and smacking it towards the oncoming spear with all his might.

As the spear and palm met, a powerful shockwave spread across the void. In the wake of the clash, as Mo Na Ye was sent flying, three sword lights shot towards him at an incredible speed.

These attacks were launched by none other than Yang Xue!

Mo Na Ye had clearly noticed these three sword strikes coming at him, and had Yang Xue been acting alone, he would have had no problem dealing with them, but Yang Kai was also attacking him at the same time, so how could he have any extra strength to spare?

These three sword strikes seemed to contain the mysteries of the Grand Dao of Time as Mo Na Ye clearly saw Yang Xue swing her sword, but was already struck by the attack before she completed the motion.

Immediately after, pitch-black blood sprayed out of three gaping wounds on his body!

Mo Na Ye somehow withstood this fearsome attack and barely managed to stabilize himself, but the clash had left him in a sorry state.

Meanwhile, Yang Kai was still slowly making his way towards Mo Na Ye from far away; he was walking at such leisure that it looked like he was taking a stroll in his own courtyard. The long spear in his hand was also slightly flickering, leaving spear shadows behind. Yang Kai then calmly stated, “Xue’er, go help the others, I’ll deal with this guy.”

Holding her sword, Yang Xue looked at Mo Na Ye with some unwillingness before finally nodding, “Big Brother, be careful.”

Saying so, she transformed into a streak of light as she flew towards the main battlefield.

Although she wanted to stay behind and kill Mo Na Ye together with her Big Brother, the Human defensive line was on the verge of collapse. She was the only one who could help stabilize their position now.

This was also the reason why Mo Na Ye had ordered the Black Ink Clan troops to slaughter the Humans at all costs.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He knew that he was definitely not an opponent of two Ninth-Order Masters, especially when one of them was Yang Kai. If he didn’t find a way to restrain one of them, he would certainly die.

The best option he could use was the Humans’ defensive line.

Although he had successfully removed Yang Xue, Mo Na Ye still did not have much confidence. His sharp intuition told him that today would definitely be disastrous. Since he was targeted by Yang Kai, he would definitely die.

For many years, he had been a Pseudo-Royal Lord while Yang Kai was only an Eighth-Order Master. Although he was clearly stronger, Mo Na Ye never acted to confront Yang Kai because he knew that without a thorough plan, he would never be able to kill someone so good at escaping.

Once he provoked Yang Kai, it would definitely cause a lot of trouble, so he had been tolerating Yang Kai’s rudeness so far. It was only after he had become a Royal Lord in the Universe Furnace World that he finally gained the confidence to scheme for Yang Kai’s life.

Everything was going according to plan, but then Yang Kai’s sudden breakthrough to the Ninth Order messed everything up.

Even now, he still could not understand how Yang Kai managed to break through to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm right under their noses!

Mo Na Ye was certain that the information he had obtained from the Black Ink Disciples was not wrong. Yang Kai should have had no chance of reaching the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm in his life. The peak of the Eighth Order had to be his limit.

Furthermore, Yang Kai had yet to refine a Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill, so how could he have advanced?

Mo Na Ye could not understand it at all, but in any case, Yang Kai was already in the Ninth Order. Now, a life-and-death battle was definitely going to be fought between them!

In the void, Yang Kai was still walking towards Mo Na Ye at a leisurely pace, but every time he took a step, Mo Na Ye’s heart would jump to his throat.

Distance was basically meaningless to a Master proficient in the Dao of Space, so Mo Na Ye had to be on guard against Yang Kai as the latter could attack at a moment’s notice!

“Mo Na Ye, you seem a bit nervous!” Yang Kai suddenly chuckled.

Mo Na Ye’s heart tightened as he replied in a shaky voice, “No one can remain calm and indifferent when facing someone like Brother Yang.”

Yang Kai gently nodded, “You used to call me Yang Kai, but now that I’ve advanced to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm, you’re addressing me as Brother Yang. But even if you speak with me in such a friendly manner, I won’t let you off. Among everyone in the Black Ink Clan, I am most wary of you. You seem to be a bit different from the others of your kind.”

Mo Na Ye’s brow slightly rose, “I am honoured to receive such praise from you, Brother Yang. In fact, the Black Ink Clan has many talented members, it’s just that Brother Yang’s vision is too high, so you seem to not have noticed them.”

“Perhaps,” Yang Kai noncommittally replied, “As an old rival of many years, I’ll give you a chance to leave behind your last words. If you have anything you want to say, say it quickly.”

Mo Na Ye couldn’t help but break into laughter, “Does Brother Yang really want to fight me to the death? Why don’t you and I withdraw and meet again on the battlefield some other day? In fact, if we continue fighting like this, it won’t end well for either of us. Although your Sister has already gone to support them, how many people can she protect by herself? My Black Ink Clan has many Pseudo-Royal Lords here.”

“You make a good point!” Yang Kai nodded lightly.

Mo Na Ye’s expression suddenly changed as he threw a powerful punch forward, releasing a blast of Black Ink Strength before him. Meanwhile, Yang Kai, who had been strolling in the distance, suddenly appeared right in front of him and thrust out his spear. The Space-Time River was continuously swirling around his spear as Dao Strengths converged and transformed, displaying endless mysteries.

He was just talking about stopping the fight, but now he suddenly became violent. Of course, Yang Kai was going to go all-out when confronting the enemy.

“That’s why I need to kill you as soon as possible!” Yang Kai’s next words were accompanied by a powerful attack.

Mo Na Ye clenched his teeth and did not say a word. He had been on guard against Yang Kai all this time as he knew that he could not move the latter with words alone. So, when Yang Kai suddenly attacked, he immediately reacted.

Yang Kai’s figure kept moving along with his spear as Dao Strengths fiercely fluctuated with every attack. On the other side, Black Ink Strength surged around Mo Na Ye. The two of them had completely given up on using any Divine Abilities or Secret Techniques. They were attacking only based on their subtle sense of danger and their grasp of the situation. For a time, the two were locked in a heated battle, shattering the Void every time they clashed.