Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5807 - 5807, Outside the Great Barrier

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Wars broke out on all the Great Territory Battlefields and raged like a wildfire.

Elsewhere, a large number of Black Ink Clansmen returned to the Barren Territory. As it had always been under the Black Ink Clan’s complete control, the Humans couldn’t intervene. As such, there were no ambushes here.

But compared to the number of members who had entered the Universe Furnace through the Barren Territory, the number of Black Ink Clansmen who had returned was undoubtedly quite low.

A huge Army of millions of Black Ink Clansmen had entered the Universe Furnace from the Barren Territory back then, with many Territory Lords and Pseudo-Royal Lords among them.

But now less than a million had managed to return, that was all…

It was a catastrophic loss!

The main reason was that after the great battle in the Universe Furnace, the Human Race had searched every nook and cranny for them, killing any Black Ink Clansmen they came across. Those who were lucky enough to survive had been hiding all this while until today.

Outside the No-Return Pass, figures similarly appeared one after another at a certain location in the void.

One of them was none other than Mo Na Ye, whom Yang Kai had failed to find. He had fled right after the battle, and no one knew where he had gone or where he was hiding.

The moment he appeared, he instantly surged his Black Ink Strength and activated some Secret Technique, transforming into a Black Ink Cloud and quickly escaping.

Some Territory Lords called him out from behind, but he paid no heed to their calls.

After running for a while, he felt a little puzzled, wondering where Yang Kai was.

He didn’t spot him anywhere!

According to Xiao You’s report, when the Universe Furnace closed, all outsiders who entered it would return to their original positions. In other words, they would return to the very same spot from where they had entered the Universe Furnace.

Although he had been hiding well these past few days and hadn’t exposed his whereabouts, Mo Na Ye had been constantly preparing and was always on guard because Yang Kai had entered the Universe Furnace from the same location as him. In other words, once it was closed, whether he wanted to or not, he would definitely meet Yang Kai again.

Yang Kai had already reached the Ninth Order and his strength was no longer the same. Although Mo Na Ye had also become a Royal Lord, he had suffered serious injuries in their last battle and only managed to survive thanks to luck. It was extremely difficult for him to recover in the Universe Furnace World, and once he met Yang Kai, it would not end well for him.

As such, he fled the moment he emerged from the Universe Furnace, fearing that he would fall into Yang Kai’s hands.

However, Yang Kai was nowhere to be seen at this moment. Instead, some Territory Lords had appeared.

Mo Na Ye was unable to figure out what was going on, but he couldn’t bother to waste too much time pondering about it. He just kept fleeing in the direction of the No-Return Pass. Only by escaping to the No-Return Pass and obtaining the support of Royal Lord Mo Yu could he have a chance to survive!

He did not know why Yang Kai wasn’t here, but he was thankful all the same.

Meanwhile, another war had broken out outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Thousands of Suppressing Black Ink Army soldiers stood on the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, fending off the Black Ink Clan’s attacks again and again, using the power of their artifacts and the defences of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress. Be that as it may, some Black Ink Clansmen would get close enough to cause some chaos from time to time.

Fortunately, Divine Dragon Fu Guang was still here. He was even stronger than an ordinary Ninth-Order Master and thanks to him personally overseeing things, plus the powerful support of the Suppressing Black Ink Army, the Black Ink Clan in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was having a hard time breaking through their defences.

However, according to Wu Kuang’s report, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had become a little unstable; after all, this was a Grand Restriction that Cang and the other Martial Ancestors had deployed millions of years ago. Even with Wu Kuang personally presiding over it now, it was still difficult for him to reproduce its peak strength.

Especially after the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had been opened twice, which had a significant strain on its integrity. This allowed the Black Ink Clan to easily find weak points in the Grand Restriction and continue to break it down.

What particularly worried Wu Kuang was that he could faintly feel undulations of Mo’s aura.

During the last crusade, when the Black Ink Clan Army and the Human Race Army waged war just outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, Cang had fallen after using Mu’s final trump card to force Mo into a deep sleep. This was the primary reason the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction could be maintained until now.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The Grand Restriction was more than capable of sealing ordinary Black Ink Clansman in, and could even stop Royal Lords with ease, but it was definitely not capable of sealing Mo in its current condition.

The day it was fully awake would be the day the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction collapsed.

Wu Kuang had been monitoring Mo’s movements for thousands of years, and he had not noticed anything unusual all this time. But recently, Mo’s still and tranquil aura had begun fluctuating, which was undoubtedly a bad sign.

The Human Race was able to deal with the invasion of the Black Ink Clan Army, they were able to deal with Royal Lords as well, but right now they had no means to restrain an ancient existence like Mo.

When the Universe Furnace’s projection appeared once again, it triggered a battle outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Two Royal Lords forced their way out of the gap Wu Kuang had opened all those years ago, not hesitating to endure the pressure of the Grand Restriction. Seeing this, Fu Guang promptly charged straight towards them, fighting one against two, with him not faltering in the slightest.

But with Fu Guang pinned down by two Royal Lords, Innate Territory Lords took advantage of the situation and besieged the Suppressing Black Ink Army. In a flash, the battle became extremely intense.

Seemingly because Mo was showing signs of awakening, the Black Ink Clan in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction became even more active. Over the past few years, their attacks had become more and more frequent, so the Suppressing Black Ink Army had no choice but to constantly fight. This high-intensity and prolonged battle had left all extremely exhausted, but none of them had the time to rest.

While everyone was locked in a heated battle, a number of powerful figures appeared from the projection of the Universe Furnace one after another.

Back when the Universe Furnace had appeared, the Suppressing Black Ink Army had sent 50 Eighth-Order Masters inside, but only less than 40 managed to return.

Clearly, the battles inside the Universe Furnace were no less dangerous than the battles outside. The Black Ink Clan had suffered tremendous casualties, but so had the Human Race. The Eighth-Order Masters of the Suppressing Black Ink Army had lost more than 20% of their original number.

The return of nearly 40 Eighth-Order Masters undoubtedly made the Suppressing Black Ink Army breathe a sigh of relief though, and when they sensed that one aura among these returnees was extremely powerful, it further boosted their morale!

Someone had broken through to the Ninth Order!

Soon, someone confirmed who had broken through to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

“It’s Xue’er! Xue’er has advanced to the Ninth Order!” Shan Qing Luo’s pleasantly surprised cry rang from a Warship cruising through the battlefield, waiting for an opportunity to kill more enemies.

Yu Ru Meng, Su Yan, and the others, who were standing beside her, were both surprised and gratified.

In fact, back when the Suppressing Black Ink Army had arranged for Eighth-Order Masters to enter the Universe Furnace to search for opportunities, Fu Guang basically tried to arrange for all of them to enter. Naturally, this was because of Yang Kai, and Fu Guang had his own considerations as well.

Nonetheless, the Wives came to a unanimous decision to give this opportunity to Yang Xue. Although they were women, they had killed a fair share of powerful enemies in their lives. Even if their Husband had made great contributions to the Human Race, they weren’t willing to take advantage of his reputation.

Everyone yearned for a chance to grab the opportunities presented by the Universe Furnace, so if all of them were to enter, they would easily become the target of criticism.

If just Yang Xue was to enter, it would not be an issue, but considering Yang Xue’s safety, Yang Xiao was also allowed to enter; otherwise, Yang Xiao, as a member of the Dragon Clan, would never have had the chance to enter the Universe Furnace.

Now that Yang Xue had reached the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm, she had lived up to everyone’s expectations and efforts.

[Our dear Husband has only one Sister, so we should dote on her. I wonder if he knows that Xue’er has advanced to the Ninth Order? If he comes to know, it will definitely make him very happy.]

Just as they were thinking this, a voice drifted into their ears. It was none other than Yang Xue.

“Big Brother has broken through to the Ninth-Order in the Universe Furnace, Sister-in-Laws, there is no need to worry!”

The women were stunned for a moment before a beautiful smile bloomed on their faces.

“He always manages to achieve miracles,” Su Yan smiled, not too surprised.

Everyone thought that the peak of the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm was Yang Kai’s limit, even the Black Ink Clan; however, as people who had shared their lives with Yang Kai for so many years, these women always believed that he would not resign himself to his fate and would definitely try to break through to the Ninth-Order.

And now, he had done it!

Because it was him!

The Warship continued to shuttle back and forth as the women aboard it seamlessly cooperated with each other, releasing their Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities one after another, forcefully paving a path filled with fire and blood on the battlefield.

The sudden appearance of a Ninth-Order Master had instantly turned the situation around. Black Ink Clansmen were being slaughtered at an incredible rate, and by the time the two Royal Lords who were fighting Fu Guang noticed that the things were not in their favour and wanted to flee back to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, it was already too late.

Yang Xue, holding her sword, stood before the gap, blocking it. She hesitated for a moment before allowing the first Royal Lord to rush back into the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and then joining forces with Fu Guang to attack the second.

After an intense battle, the Royal Lord fell!

Many Royal Lords had pushed their way out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction over the years, but under Fu Guang’s personal supervision, they were rarely able to do anything.

Vice versa, it was now very difficult for Fu Guang to kill a Royal Lord. Most of the time, these Royal Lords would flee back to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction at first notice of things not in their favour, and Fu Guang was simply powerless to do anything, despite his fearsome strength.

But this time, with the addition of Yang Xue, a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, and thanks to her act of letting one Royal Lord escape, the remaining Royal Lord lost any chance of surviving.

Finally, they managed to win after a hearty and delightful battle, but the Suppressing Black Ink Army did not rejoice. Instead, they silently regulated their breathing and started preparing for the next battle!

At the same time, Fu Guang and Yang Xue also received a piece of bad news.

This news came straight from Wu Kuang, who was presiding over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

As the reincarnation of Shi and a Ninth-Order Master himself, Wu Kuang was now able to control the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to a great extent. All these years, the Black Ink Clan kept coming out of it, partly because of the Black Ink Clan’s efforts and partly because Wu Kuang was intentionally controlling it, relieving the pressure inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

After all, he wasn’t the true Shi and the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had been in a state of disrepair for many years. Its internal pressure was too high. If he didn’t find a way to relieve it, he wouldn’t be able to control it in his current state.

Every time the Black Ink Clan came out, there would only be one or two Royal Lords, which was thanks to Wu Kuang’s careful control. Had he not been regulating the Grand Restriction, the number of Royal Lords that would manage to come out would have been far greater. The Suppressing Black Ink Army only had so many people, so even with the help of a powerful weapon like the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, they would not be able to deal with so many Black Ink Clansmen.

Once the number of Black Ink Clansmen exceeded the limit of what the Suppressing Black Ink Army could endure, they would surely be destroyed.

And now, even though Wu Kuang’s strength was increasing by the day, he was slowly losing control over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. The next time the Black Ink Clan tried to break out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, they would be accompanied by a few Royal Lords. He could not say for sure whether it be two or three, or even more. All he could do was do his best and ask Fu Guang and Yang Xue to make preparations.