Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5809 - 5809, The Cycle of Devouring and Expelling

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Before the Black Ink Clan’s invasion, the 3,000 Worlds were flourishing and each Great Territory had its own unique style. The Great Territories were connected by Territory Gates, forming an extremely complicated yet interconnected Great World.

The Human Race had lived in such a Great World for countless years, ultimately dominating it; however, there was also a Black Ink Battlefield outside this Great World, which was originally the frontline battlefield against the Black Ink Clan consisting of various Great Passes made by the Human Race’s Ancestors.

The Black Ink Battlefield was vast and boundless.

The deepest region that the Human Race had reached now was the location of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Yang Kai might have gone a bit farther when he was chased by the Royal Lord and fled deeper into the void, eventually hiding inside the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon.

But what was behind the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction?

What was further behind the Celestial Phenomena Sea?

Where was the end of the Universe?

Yang Kai had thought about these questions before, but he could not find any answer to them.

Until today, when his actions allowed him to see the real body of the Universe Furnace, allowing him to find the answer to his question.

The edge of the Universe was Chaos!

It could even be said that the Universe had no end, because Chaos itself was disorderly and chaotic.

If the 3,000 Worlds and the Black Ink Battlefield were considered a single entity, then this whole entity should be surrounded by endless Chaos.

The eruption of the Universe Furnace was slowly transforming this Chaos into a part of the Universe, expanding its borders without limit.

Realizing this, Yang Kai failed to stop his laughter, [No wonder no one has been able to find the true body of the Universe Furnace all these years. It does exist, but it is at the very edge of the Universe. Who would have even thought of coming here to search for it?]

[And so what if I found it?]

Yang Kai had previously considered whether he would have a chance to refine the Universe Furnace if he could find its true body, but looking at it now, he understood that this idea was completely impossible.

Such a treasure was not something the Human Race could control. It was the Source of the Universe, of everything. Trying to refine it would be akin to trying to refine the Universe itself. Compared to such an endeavour, finding a way to kill Mo would be child’s play.

Just as Yang Kai’s thoughts were racing, the Universe Furnace that was flying through the void underwent another change.

All of a sudden, a powerful suction came from the furnace, devouring the Chaos in the nearby void in a flash.

The massive and majestic Universe Furnace seemed to have transformed into a bottomless pit. It only seemed to draw in Chaos however, while whatever it had spewed out, whether it was the embryonic Universe Worlds, various Celestial Phenomena, or even the invisible and formless Dao Strengths, they were completely unaffected.

Furthermore, the devouring force became stronger and stronger, so strong that an enormous vortex visible to the naked eye had appeared at the mouth of the Universe Furnace.

Watching this from afar, Yang Kai was stunned, but not too surprised.

When he was in the Universe Furnace World, Yang Kai had discovered that whether it was the Infinite River that flowed across the entire Universe Furnace World or the nine Grand Dao evolutions of the Universe Furnace, all of them involved the mysteries of the Chaos evolving into 10,000 Grand Daos.

When he first entered the Universe Furnace, it was also filled with Chaos, and it was in that Chaos-rich environment that all kinds of strange things were born, even the Chaos Spirit Clan.

But the key question was where did the Chaos in the Universe Furnace come from?

It came from here!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The Universe Furnace was located at the edge of the Universe and swallowed Chaos to fill itself. Whenever it reached its limit, it would convert this Chaos into 10,000 Grand Daos.

And when the Universe Furnace had been filled to its limit, it would appear once more!

When the Chaos inside the Universe Furnace had completely evolved into the 10,000 Grand Daos, the Universe Furnace would close and everything inside would be spewed out, expanding the Universe further.

This was a true Samsara…

It could be said that regardless of whether it was the world the Human Race had explored or the world they had not set foot on, both had been created by the repeated Samsara of the Universe Furnace.

This process had been going on for countless years, and perhaps it would continue until the Chaos was completely consumed by the Universe Furnace.

It was like a painting that was being painted from ancient times to the present, grand and magnificent. Compared to this, the war between the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan seemed so small and insignificant.

Yang Kai followed the Universe Furnace, staring at it in a daze, his heart rapidly beating until finally, after a long time, he suddenly stopped.

There was no need to follow any further. After witnessing the entire process of the Universe Furnace expanding the Universe, witnessing the cycle of the Universe Furnace devouring and expelling, Yang Kai had figured out the origin of how Worlds were created and how the Universe came to be. It could be said that many of Yang Kai’s doubts had been answered.

However, no matter how one looked at such a painting, it was still shocking.

His original intention was to find the true body of the Universe Furnace and try to refine it to see if he could use it for himself.

Yang Kai had indeed found the real body of the Universe Furnace, but he no longer had any thoughts about refining it, because after witnessing everything, he knew that was nothing but a fool’s dream.

“Big Brother, how do we go back?” After a long silence, Thunder Shadow suddenly asked a crucial question.

Yang Kai had been expelled by the Universe Furnace along with the tributary. Now that the Universe Furnace was swallowing the Chaos, it had obviously closed down. In other words, the members of the Human Race and Black Ink Clan inside the Universe Furnace had already left, so how could he return?

Even if he were to rush into the Universe Furnace now, it would be meaningless, not to mention the fact that there was still a question of whether he could. Even if he did somehow manage to get inside, there was a high chance he would be trapped and unable to escape. Then he would have no choice but to wait for the next time the Universe Furnace opened.

It was hard to say when the Universe Furnace would open again. Maybe it would open in 10,000 years, or perhaps it would be hundreds of thousands of years, no one could say for certain.

Yang Kai turned a deaf ear to Thunder Shadow’s question, and instead silently circulated his strength, trying to connect with the World Tree.

Even at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, Yang Kai only needed to connect with the World Tree to reach it. After receiving the Old Tree’s guidance, he could then enter the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary.

Unfortunately, he did not get any response this time.

Although he had expected this, Yang Kai was still a little disappointed after having gotten the confirmation.

The reason he was able to connect to the World Tree was because he had refined and saved thousands of Universe Worlds in the past. Each of these Universe Worlds had a corresponding World Fruit on the Old Tree, and through this relationship, he had formed a close connection with it.

So, whenever he wanted, he could use the World Tree’s power to enter the Grand Ancient Ruins Boundary.

It could be said that the World Tree itself was connected to all the remaining Universe Worlds and the 3,000 Worlds itself. Back then, Yang Kai had left behind a completely dead Universe World just outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction so that he could easily check up on it whenever he wanted.

However, this place was at the edge of the Universe, and the World Tree’s connection clearly couldn’t reach such a distant and mysterious location, so it was naturally impossible to reach out to it.

“If we go in the opposite direction, we’ll eventually find our way back.” Yang Kai heaved a sigh.

Perhaps it would take an incomparably long time for him to return to the 3,000 Worlds, but that was the only way.

Although he had miscalculated and this venture didn’t yield much tangible results, the fact that he was able to witness the Universe Furnace swallow and refine Chaos, giving birth to the new Universe Worlds, made this trip completely worthwhile.

This might not enhance his strength, but it would have a profound impact on his future path.

After taking one last deep look at the rapidly departing Universe Furnace, Yang Kai turned around and set off!

In his mind, Fang Tian Ci heaved a sigh, “Mo Na Ye really got it easy!”

Thunder Shadow was stunned for a moment before quickly responding, “Right, that guy’s luck is too good.”

Originally, if everything had gone as usual and nothing unexpected happened, Yang Kai and Mo Na Ye would have appeared at the same location when the Universe Furnace closed. With Yang Kai’s current strength, the heavily injured Mo Na Ye, who had not been able to recover, would not have been his opponent. Most probably, Yang Kai would have killed him on the spot, thereby eliminating a strong enemy of the Human Race.

However, Yang Kai’s actions gave Mo Na Ye a chance to survive.

The Universe Furnace was already closed and Mo Na Ye had most likely escaped back to the No-Return Pass. Yang Kai had no idea how long it would take for him to return, but by the time he did, Mo Na Ye might have already recovered from his wounds. By then, it really would not be that easy for Yang Kai to kill him.

Nonetheless, it was useless to mull over what had already happened. So long as he was strong enough, he would have a chance to kill Mo Na Ye.

Hurrying along and gazing towards the horizon, Yang Kai calmed himself. When the Universe Furnace appeared, it triggered a war between the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan, one that should be in full swing right now.

Fortunately, the Human Race had given birth to four new Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters in the Universe Furnace, him, Xiang Shan, Yang Xue, and Ou Yang Lie.

Yang Xue should have returned to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction so she could not partake in the war in the 3,000 Worlds for now.

Xiang Shan and Ou Yang Lie, on the other hand, could lead an Army to fight the Black Ink Clan. Counting Luo Ting He and Wei Jun Yang, who had just advanced to the Ninth Order, the Human Race now had four Ninth-Order Masters to rely on.

As long as they did not make any rash moves, taking care of the Black Ink Clan shouldn’t be a problem.

Rather, Yang Kai was slightly worried about Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao and Wu Qing’s side. These two had been suppressing the Black Ink Giant Spirit God in Wind Mist Territory. When the war broke out between the two sides, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God would definitely not sit by and watch; there was a high chance that it would make a move.

If it insisted on escaping, there was nothing the two Ninth-Order Masters could do.

Fortunately, Yang Kai had left a trump card with Old Ancestor Xiao Xiao in the past. So, even if the Black Ink Giant Spirit God managed to escape, the Human Race would still be able to contain it.

Hopefully, by the time he returned, things had not become too bad.

Thinking so, Yang Kai ordered Fang Tian Ci, “Second Brother, you take the helm.”

Fang Tian Ci promptly agreed and took control of his body, teleporting forward using Space Principles.

Had anyone else been stranded at the edge of the Universe, even if it was a Ninth-Order Master, it would have taken them an incredibly long time to make it back, but Yang Kai was proficient in the Dao of Space. Even if he was at the edge of the Universe, he would still be able to return after some time.

Furthermore, he had Fang Tian Ci to assist him.

At this moment, while Fang Tian Ci had taken over a part of his body, Yang Kai focused on digesting the gains he had obtained from the Universe Furnace.