Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5810 - 5810, The Black Ink Clan’s Capital

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

On the day the Universe Furnace closed, the members of the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan inside returned to the dozen or so Great Territory Battlefields.

The Human Race, which had been preparing for this a long time, dealt a heavy blow to the Black Ink Clan. In Azure Sun Territory and Wolf Fang Territory, the two Great Territory Battlefields which the Humans had basically conquered, most of the returning Black Ink Clansmen were either killed and heavily injured. Apart from a few Pseudo-Royal Lords who managed to make it out alive somehow, there were no other survivors.

Having broken through to the Ninth Order, when Ou Yang Lie and Xiang Shan returned to Profound Nether Territory and Blood Flame Territory respectively, the Black Ink Clan was caught off guard. The two went on a killing spree, killing many Black Ink Clansmen and traumatizing the survivors.

Afterwards, the Profound Nether and Blood Flame Armies gathered their entire force and attacked the Black Ink Clan’s main camps under the leadership of the two Ninth-Order Masters!

The two sides engaged in a fierce battle with blood and flesh covering the endless void.

Although the Black Ink Clan’s side had a few Pseudo-Royal Lords, their numbers were still insufficient to deal with these two newly promoted Ninth-Order Masters. For a time, the momentum of the Human Race Armies in Profound Nether Territory and Blood Flame Territory was unstoppable. The Black Ink Clan Army collapsed the moment they clashed, suffering countless losses.

At the same time, the Azure Sun and Wolf Fang Armies, who had already finished their preparations, sent troops to the nearby Great Territory Battlefields under the leadership of Luo Ting He and Wei Jun Yang.

The battle situation in every Great Territory Battlefield was different. In some, the Human Race occupied the advantage, and in others, the Black Ink Clan held the upper hand. Naturally, there were also those where both sides were basically evenly matched.

But despite the situations, favourable and unfavourable, the fact was that the Human Race had gained many new and powerful troops. The only thing waiting for the Black Ink Clan was defeat!

The Human Race Armies led by the Ninth-Order Masters were basically invincible!

In just three years, the Humans conquered another two Great Territory Battlefields.

At this time, the battle led by Ou Yang Lie and Xiang Shan in Profound Nether Territory and Blood Flame Territory had also come to an end. Since the Black Ink Clan did not have spare Royal Lords to send, it was extremely difficult for their Army to resist the Human’s offensive.

Of the dozen or so Great Territory Battlefields, the Human Race had already reclaimed six. The Supreme Headquarters spread this news far and wide, boosting the Human Race’s morale greatly.

As the war raged, the recruitment office on the Star Boundary was also filled with a crowd eager to enlist. In fact, ever since the recruitment office was established, cultivators kept coming in a constant stream to sign up. But as the situation was unclear before, and a full-scale war had not broken out between the two races, the recruitment office had a lot of restrictions on the number of new recruits they could accept.

But now, a full-scale war had broken out between the two sides, and this was a war that concerned everyone’s survival. This war would eventually end with the total destruction of one side. As the battlefront would be extended every time the Human Race reclaimed lost territory, the requirements imposed on the recruitment office for new recruits had been lowered.

A large number of newcomers constantly passed through this place and were sent to various battlefields to fill up the numbers.

After thousands of years of accumulation, the Human Race had indeed created many Masters, especially the Star Boundary and Myriad Monster World. Many talented individuals had been born on these two Universe Worlds thanks to the World Tree clone’s feedback. The newly promoted Fifth-Order and Sixth-Order Masters might not be able to do anything against the Black Ink Clan alone, but if they were gathered into an Army of tens of thousands, the power they could display would be unimaginable.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

At the Supreme Headquarters, Mi Jing Lun was also constantly transferring various resources and personnel to various battlefields to ensure the logistics of the Army.

Fortunately, the Human Race had got their hands on quite a lot of spoils of war when they had recaptured those Great Territories. Although the Human Race was still lacking in resources, it was not to the point where they were starving.

After recapturing the six Great Territory Battlefields, the six Armies split up and moved closer to the remaining battlefields where war was still raging. They converged with the original Human Race Armies of those Great Territory Battlefields, assisting them in resisting the Black Ink Clan.

The battle became extremely fierce and the Black Ink Clan found it difficult to resist the Humans at the beginning; but soon, the Black Ink Clan responded with appropriate countermeasures.

The primary reason the Human Race held the initial advantage was the presence of several Ninth-Order Masters leading the Armies. It was difficult for the Black Ink Clan to compete with them.

Although there were some Territory Lords who had the potential to become Royal Lords, they still needed time and could not be counted on for now

But the Black Ink Clan had Pseudo-Royal Lords! Moreover, creating a Pseudo-Royal Lord didn’t require much time. It only required a large number of Innate Territory Lords and a High-Rank Black Ink Nest.

Back when the Universe Furnace had appeared, Mo Yu passed an order to gather all the uninjured Innate Territory Lords at the No Return Pass with a heavy heart, using them to create a few dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords in order to destroy any opportunities the Humans might get!

At that time, the Black Ink Clan had suffered a huge loss of manpower. It could be said that almost all of the Innate Territory Lords who had come out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction at the beginning of the war were wiped out.

Nonetheless, it was worth it. The few dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords had indeed posed a huge threat and caused a lot of trouble to the Human Race.

Now, however, less than 20 Pseudo-Royal Lords were left. It was difficult for them to contend with the Human Race with just these Pseudo-Royal Lords.

The Black Ink Clan needed even more Pseudo-Royal Lords!

Fortunately, the Black Ink Clan had such capital.

The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was breached years back, and around 2,000 Innate Territory Lords had escaped from it. These Innate Territory Lords had suffered heavy injuries while escaping and were unable to do anything for a while. After Yang Kai came to learn of this, he began hunting and took out many of these Innate Territory Lords. Mo Na Ye even tried to set a trap for Yang Kai using these heavily injured Innate Territory Lords as bait, but the Black Ink Clan ultimately failed and had lost many of these Innate Territory Lords.

Nonetheless, many Innate Territory Lords still managed to escape with their lives and had been recuperating at the No-Return Pass all these years!

The Black Ink Clan was not lacking in resources either, and thanks to this abundance, most of these Innate Territory Lords had already recovered from their injuries after decades of rest and recuperation.

The loss of six Great Territory Battlefields had sent Mo Yu into a rage and he once again decided to create Pseudo-Royal Lords.

Today, at the No-Return Pass, one Innate Territory Lord after another walked into the Black Ink Nests under Mo Yu’s orders before their fearsome auras vanished. Be that as it may, death was not the final outcome, the sacrifice of life was for that moment of rebirth!

The next moment, High-Rank Grade Black Ink Nests started violently shaking before collapsing one by one. Soon after, one powerful Pseudo-Royal Lord after another emerged from the collapsed Black Ink Nests.

Today, 50 Pseudo-Royal Lords were created in the Black Ink Clan!

Without any delay, these 50 new Pseudo-Royal Lords left the No-Return Pass under Mo Yu’s orders, dispatched to support the various Great Territory Battlefields.

The addition of 50 Pseudo-Royal Lords instantly put a lot of pressure on the Human Race.

Surprisingly, the Human Race Army’s ferocious advancement was stopped!

After having reclaimed four Great Territories in just three years, most Humans believed that the coming war would be as easy and smooth as the autumn wind sweeping away the fallen leaves, but to everyone’s dismay, they once again entered a stalemate.

Every time a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm joined the battle, the Black Ink Clan would send at least three Pseudo-Royal Lords to confront him or her. It was extremely difficult for the Ninth-Order Masters to do anything in this kind of situation.

Fighting for several years, countless lives on both sides were lost, and there was no end in sight to the bloodshed.

A few years later, the Human Race ceased their offensive and instead sent out teams led by Masters to find opportunities to kill Black Ink Clansmen.

They had some results as they managed to lure a few Pseudo-Royal Lords into ambushes where they were killed in one fell swoop by the Ninth-Order Masters.

After having suffered losses a few times though, the Pseudo-Royal Lords became more cautious and no longer dared to act alone, lest the Humans take advantage of them.

Nonetheless, they failed to break the stalemate. All in all, battles of all sizes erupted from time to time, but no one was able to gain much advantage.

This situation continued for several decades!

In the last few decades, neither side was able to advance any further after the Human Race took back six Great Territory Battlefields. Everyone was filled with energy, but had nowhere to use it.

Many people had already realized what the problem was. Although the Human Race had several Ninth-Order Masters, they lacked a method to quickly kill Pseudo-Royal Lords. It could also be said that they lacked a Master who could break through the ranks of a million enemy troops and strike fear into the hearts of the Black Ink Clan.

The Ninth-Order Masters were strong enough to kill Pseudo-Royal Lords in one-on-one combat, but as the Pseudo-Royal Lords never acted alone anymore, they could not do anything to them either.

If there was a Master who could quickly kill a few Pseudo-Royal Lords in a head-on battle, the Human Race would definitely be able to break the stalemate and rout the Black Ink Clan’s forces!

Xiang Shan may have been stronger than the others, but he couldn’t accomplish such a feat.

There was only one person who could do such a thing!

The Lord of the Star Boundary, Army Commander of the Profound Nether Army in name, the one who was best at creating miracles, the one who was invincible in the same realm, Yang Kai!

When he was in the Seventh Order, he killed Feudal Lords as easily as cutting melons and chopping vegetables. When he was in the Eighth Order, he slaughtered Innate Territory Lords like chickens and dogs. Now that he was in the Ninth Order, it would be a piece of cake for him to deal with a few Pseudo-Royal Lords.

Unfortunately, no one knew where Yang Kai was right now.

The Human Race knew that Yang Kai had entered the Universe Furnace from the entrance on the Black Ink Battlefield. In other words, when the Universe Furnace closed, he should have appeared outside the No-Return Pass.

If that was the case though, he should have returned by now.

In the beginning, no one had paid much attention to this; after all, it would take some time to return from the Black Ink Battlefield, but it had now been several decades, yet there was no sign of him.

This begged the question, did something happen to him? If not, how could he have disappeared for so long?

Did the Black Ink Clan make preparations and set up an ambush near the projection space when he returned from the Universe Furnace, perhaps catching him off guard?

But the Black Ink Clan knew nothing about this. So, how could they have set up an ambush in advance? Furthermore, even if the Black Ink Clan had set up an ambush, they would have been able to kill him now that he had reached the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

On top of that, the Human Race was certain that Yang Kai had not been ambushed. At the very least, he had not died at the hands of the Black Ink Clan.

For thousands of years, Yang Kai’s name was a beacon of hope to the Human Race, a symbol of faith, but to the Black Ink Clan, it was synonymous with disaster, an existence they greatly hated. If Yang Kai really died at the hands of the Black Ink Clan, they would never have kept it a secret. They would have definitely made a big fuss about it and publicized it to attack the morale of the Human Race Army.