Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5853, Gathering Disciples

Translator: Silavin & Qing

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At the Star Boundary’s High Heaven Palace.

A ray of light swept in from a distance, stopping after reaching a Grand Hall, revealing a toned figure. When the figure’s aura surged, it was obvious that the visitor was an Eighth-Order Master with strong cultivation.

Despite reaching the Eighth Order, Zhao Lun still didn’t dare to act arrogantly after arriving here because this was High Heaven Palace, the Sect of the Dao Lord.

He had previously visited High Heaven Palace a few times because the Dao Lord had left behind several Sealed Words here. All disciples from the Void Dao Temple had trained in those Sealed Worlds and received rewarding results.

When Zhao Lun was still in the Emperor Realm, he already believed that the Dao Lord was very powerful, and the more his cultivation increased, the more he realized how unfathomable the Dao Lord was.

He came from the Void Dao Temple, had outstanding talent and aptitude, and was proficient in the Dao of Space, so he had made quite a lot of contributions on the battlefield. Also, he had previously led fellow soldiers into battle and even beheaded an enemy commander while facing millions of enemies.

He was also considered a well-known figure in the Profound Nether Army because, as an Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, he was a powerhouse no matter which Army he was in. More importantly, he had directly ascended to the Seventh Order back then and was expected to become a Ninth Order Master in the future.

A month ago, he received a transfer order from the Supreme Headquarters, directing him to return to the Star Boundary’s High Heaven Palace immediately.

Despite not knowing what happened, since this was a direct order from the Supreme Headquarters, he wouldn’t dare to disobey. So, he dropped everything he was doing and immediately flew back.

Even so, he had a vague guess. Since this was an order from the Supreme Headquarters that involved High Heaven Palace, it must be related to the Dao Lord.

Since the battles at all frontlines were almost at their end and looking for the surviving Black Ink Clansmen was a tedious but not dangerous job, he didn’t mind being absent.

[I wonder why the Dao Lord summoned me. Maybe it’s something important…]

Zhao Lun felt excited inside and fixed up his clothes before entering the Grand Hall. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

When he walked inside though, he immediately felt several pairs of eyes looking at him. He was surprised, but then burst out laughing as he realised that he wasn’t the only one who had received orders from the Supreme Headquarters.

“It’s Senior Brother Zhao Lun.”

“Senior Brother Zhao, over here!” Someone called him.

Looking in that direction, Zhao Lun saw a few familiar faces. He smiled and nodded before approaching them.

There were many people inside the Grand Hall, about 70 or 80 gathered into small groups while chatting with each other. Zhao Lun found some Fellow Brothers and Sisters he was familiar with and then noticed that all the people called here were disciples from the Void Dao Temple. Also, all of them were proficient in the Dao of Space.

Not only them, but there were also some from the Phoenix Clan; however, unlike the enthusiastic atmosphere among the Fellow Disciples from the Void Dao Temple, the Phoenix Clansmen were quietly sitting upright to the side and seemed a little unapproachable.

All high-level Humans had more or less had some interaction with the Phoenix Clan, and even if they didn’t, they would have experience with other Divine Spirits. They knew Divine Spirits were mostly arrogant, especially ones like the Phoenix Clan, so they weren’t bothered by this.

The Void Dao Temple disciples had large age gaps because the flow of time in Yang Kai’s Small Universe was different from the outside world. With Yang Kai being a Ninth-Order Master and his attainments in the Dao of Time reaching new heights, the difference in flow rate was already 10:1. In other words, ten years inside his Small Universe was equivalent to one year outside.

As Yang Kai had brought them out from the Dao Temple in batches, the gap between some Fellow Disciples was measured in tens of thousands of years. If it were in an ordinary Sect, such an age gap would only appear between members several dozen generations apart. However, the Void Dao Temple wasn’t just any ordinary Sect.

Moreover, age didn’t matter because being born from the same place gave them a natural bond with one another, so all the disciples from the Void Dao Temple would help each other regardless of whether they were familiar with each other.

Frankly speaking, if the disciples that Yang Kai trained in the Void Dao Temple were all gathered together, their heritage wouldn’t be much different from any Cave Heaven or Paradise. Those disciples with the right to leave the Void Dao Temple and break through to the Open Heaven Realm were all very talented. Even the weakest of them would directly break through to the Fifth Order, and there were a fair number who directly broke through to the Seventh Order. Many years had passed, and even the weakest among them would at least have reached the Sixth Order, while there were thousands of Seventh-Order and Eighth-Order Masters scattered among all them.

The group of cultivators proficient in the Dao of Space gathered together and exchanged pleasantries for a while before casually sitting down and beginning to discuss their opinions and ideas about the Dao of Space. There were some times when another person’s words could help someone better understand something and gain more benefits. Also, different kinds of thinking combined together would definitely yield outstanding results.

The Dao of Space was renowned for being difficult to cultivate. Before Yang Kai, there were only a few Humans in the entire 3,000 Worlds that could be considered proficient in it. Other than that, only the Phoenix Clan were lucky enough to have the Dao of Space be their Bloodline Talent, so they naturally had a high mastery over it once they reached a certain level of strength.

But after Yang Kai, many disciples from the Void Dao Temple made use of this Grand Dao to its fullest potential.

Naturally, it wasn’t only the Masters of the Dao of Space that the Void Dao Temple produced, there were also quite a lot of cultivators who were now proficient in the Dao of Time. No matter if it were the Dao of Space or the Dao of Time, the cultivators cultivating them were all rare geniuses.

As time passed, disciples from the Dao Temple were constantly gathering, and it was not long before their numbers exceeded the 100 mark.

Among them, the weaker ones were in the Sixth Order, while the rest were in the Seventh Order or Eighth Order, but they were all proficient in the Dao of Space. Even without counting a dozen or so Phoenix Clan members, this was already a very shocking lineup.

They waited a few more days, and when about 150 people had assembled in the Grand Hall, no more arrived.

Although there were only 150 Void Dao Temple disciples gathered here, it didn’t mean that all the disciples cultivating the Dao of Space were present; only those with high attainments in the Dao of Space had been gathered. The other disciples that only knew the basics of the Dao of Space weren’t summoned.

Those who were gathered here had reached the Fourth Level of Mastery in the Dao of Space, Traversing a Familiar Path.

They chatted with each other for several days before two figures arrived and instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

Both of them were in the Eighth-Order and had solid auras. One of them was wearing full white and had a handsome face with a warm smile that even strangers would have a good impression of.

The other was in black robes and had a steady, mature temperament.

All the Dao Temple disciples became excited when they saw the man in black. Then, they began calling out ‘Eldest Senior Brother Miao’ and greeting him.

The Void Dao Temple disciples also greeted the man in white clothing, calling him “Senior Brother Li.”

The one being called Eldest Senior Brother Miao was naturally Miao Fei Ping.

Besides the Dao Lords’ three Legacy Disciples, Miao Fei Ping was the first disciple Yang Kai brought out of the Void World and the first disciple to break through to the Open Heaven Realm. Also, he was the first Temple Master of the Void Dao Temple. Even now, his statue was placed right below Yang Kai’s inside the Void Dao Temple, and his position as the Dao Temple’s Eldest Senior Brother was recognised by all.

Therefore, all the Dao Temple disciples, whether they had seen Miao Fei Ping in person or not, immediately recognised him.

As for the man in all white, he was a Master under the Star Boundary’s Martial Beast Great Emperor, Li Wu Yi.

Previously, there were only two people truly proficient in the Dao of Space in the Star Boundary, Li Wu Yi and Yang Kai. When they first met, Li Wu Yi’s attainments in the Dao of Space far exceeded Yang Kai’s, and he had previously mentored Yang Kai a lot in regards to the Grand Dao. Yang Kai benefited a lot from that advice.

Their relationship could be said to be both mentors and friends.

But with Yang Kai’s constant growth, his attainments in the Dao of Space gradually surpassed his Senior’s. Now, no matter whether it was Yang Kai’s cultivation or his attainments in the Dao of Space, both had surpassed Li Wu Yi by a wide margin.

However, Li Wu Yi wasn’t an ordinary man. Back then, he was titled the first Master below the Great Emperors in the Star Boundary, which showed his talent and strength. If the Star Boundary’s bottle hadn’t been full, he would have long become a Great Emperor himself.

Over the years, his cultivation had soared, and though his attainments in the Dao of Space weren’t as high as Yang Kai’s, he had already reached the peak of the Seventh Level and would soon break through to the Eighth Level.

During the thousands of years of war against the Black Ink Clan, numerous Humans had made names for themselves, and Li Wu Yi was one of them. The reason such figures weren’t more famous was simply because they were all outshined by Yang Kai.

In terms of attainments in the Dao of Space, besides the members of the Phoenix Clan, Li Wu Yi was now the first under Yang Kai. That was something even Yang Kai’s Eldest Legacy Disciple, Zhao Ye Bai, could not compare to. Of course, comparing their ages, Zhao Ye Bai was much younger than Li Wu Yi, and attainments in any Grand Dao usually required many years of accumulation, so this only made sense.

Therefore, when Li Wu Yi entered, even the noble Phoenix Clansmen nodded their heads in greeting. Li Wu Yi had previously visited the Phoenix Nest to discuss the Dao of Space with the Phoenix Clan, and he had earned respect from several Phoenix Clan Masters with his strong attainments.

Moreover, Li Wu Yi was quite handsome and had a noble bearing, and the Phoenix Clan had an innate flaw, they judged people by their appearance. Those with good looks had a natural advantage when interacting with the Phoenix Clan, which was something Yang Kai couldn’t win against Li Wu Yi. If it had been Li Wu Yi who went to the No-Return Pass back then, the Phoenix Clan might have seen him as a welcomed guest.

Many disciples from the Void Dao Temple had previously gotten advice from Li Wu Yi; after all, Yang Kai was like a Hidden Dragon who showed his tail but never his face, so it was always difficult to find him.

Li Wu Yi, on the other hand, would frequently return to the Star Boundary to rest and recover, and each time he did, the disciples from the Void Dao Temple enjoyed coming over to listen to his teachings and have discussions with him about the Dao of Space.

In the eyes of the disciples of the Void Dao Temple, while the Dao Lord would always be supreme, Senior Brother Li was a much more reliable teacher.

After exchanging pleasantries, Li Wu Yi and Miao Fei Ping stood before everyone.

Looking around, Li Wu Yi smiled, “Everyone here is an elite from the various Armies; also, you’re all from the Void Dao Temple and are proficient in the Dao of Space. We have gathered all of you, and our friends from the Phoenix Clan, here because of the Dao Lord’s orders. I am just serving as his messenger today.”

Meanwhile, Miao Fei Ping stood at the side with an expressionless face while secretly complaining, [It’s me who is the real messenger… You’re all proficient in the Dao of Space, while I’ve never cultivated it in my life… I stick out like a chicken among cranes…]