Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5863, Relying Upon External Forces to Cultivate

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The immense external pressure had forced the Human Race to be united in good faith. In the past, all the Cave Heavens and Paradises had hoarded their Secret Techniques from the public. These Breakthrough Secret Techniques were naturally not taught to outsiders and difficult for ordinary people to access. The current reality was a huge contrast from back then. Not only were these highly revered and precious Secret Techniques available to the general public now, but they could also easily be obtained in exchange for a certain number of Military Merits.

In terms of heritage, High Heaven Palace was naturally inferior compared to the extensive accumulation of the established top Great Forces. It was fortunate that High Heaven Palace had Hua Qing Si. While Yang Kai was wandering the vast Universe all this time, she had taken care of High Heaven Palace in an orderly manner. Even the Secret Techniques and the Breakthrough Secret Techniques that needed to be exchanged with Military Merits had been collected from various sources in advance. In this way, High Heaven Palace disciples would not need to spend too much effort and resources to obtain these Secret Techniques when the need arose.

Shi Da Zhuang’s breakthrough was very different from Ou Yang Lie and Yang Kai’s breakthrough.

The limits of Ou Yang Lie and Yang Kai were the peak of the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm. In other words, they were limited by the innate shackles of the Open Heaven Method at the time. When their cultivation reached their respective limits, a World Barrier had formed around their Small Universe. Unfortunately, the boundary wall surrounding their Small Universe could not be broken with their strength alone. They had to borrow the help of an external force to break through the boundary wall.

Ou Yang Lie had made use of a Supreme Grade Open Heaven Pill while Yang Kai had relied upon the Three Selves Source Reconstitution Art.

On the other hand, Shi Da Zhuang’s breakthrough was not as troublesome. He had advanced directly to the Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm, so he had the qualifications to reach the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm in the first place. At present, he only needed to overcome his bottleneck to succeed.

It was just as Ou Yang Lie had said, the Breakthrough Secret Technique that Shi Da Zhuang had chosen was one of the simplest. Compared to other Breakthrough Secret Techniques, no additional requirements or cultivation resources were needed. In fact, it could be said that most Eighth-Order Masters aiming to advance to the Ninth-Order could choose this Secret Technique. Nevertheless, the disadvantage of this Secret Technique was obvious, it took a long time.

The longer one spent during the advancement process, the greater the number of unknown variables that would appear. That was why the Old Ancestors who previously advanced to the Ninth Order would rarely choose this method. They were more likely to choose a Breakthrough Secret Technique that required additional cultivation resources or Secret Techniques during their advancement to increase their success rate and decrease the time required. Only those like Shi Da Zhuang, who not only had a solid foundation and confidence in their strength, but would also not be afraid of such variables.

The illusory phantom of Shi Da Zhuang’s Small Universe continuously expanded and contracted. These movements closely resembled the breathing of a living creature, and every movement was stronger than the one from before.

His breakthrough process was quite slow.

With the continuous expansion and contraction of his Small Universe, his aura finally accumulated to a critical limit after half a month of effort. At a certain point, his Small Universe expanded but did not shrink back to its original size as before and simply continued instead. His Small Universe quickly expanded until the extreme.

Despite the great distance, the group of people standing far away could clearly sense the burgeoning World Force coming from that direction.

Yu Chang Dao’s expression instantly became tense. Likewise, the expressions of the Seventh-Order and Eighth-Order Masters observing the advancement process became serious. Everyone could tell that the final moment had arrived. The success or failure of the accumulated progress throughout the past half month hinged upon this moment.

Similarly, both Yang Kai and Ou Yang Lie were focused on the situation in front of them. The main reason for their presence was to stand guard for Shi Da Zhuang. To put it simply, their role as so-called Protectors was to take action to save Shi Da Zhuang if he failed in his advancement. Such an act would be tough even for two Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters, so they could only do their best if necessary.

However, Yang Kai’s expression soon relaxed and he smiled lightly, “Congratulations, Old Yu.”

He had made the same statement when he came here half a month ago; nevertheless, the meaning was completely different when he repeated it now.

Upon hearing those words, Yu Chang Dao hurriedly looked over. His tensed expression finally relaxed when he saw Yang Kai nodding at him.

Almost at the same time, an astonishing amount of aura erupted from Shi Da Zhuang’s direction. It was followed by an intense wave of World Force that swept outward into the surroundings. In front of everybody’s eyes, his Small Universe, which should have already expanded to its limit, abruptly expanded even more!

The greatest characteristic displayed during the advancement of an Open Heaven Realm Master was the expansion of their Small Universe. It was only when the territory of their Small Universe expanded exponentially that their strength would experience earth-shaking changes. Both Ou Yang Lie and Yang Kai deeply understood this principle, but more importantly, Shi Da Zhuang had undoubtedly achieved the desired results at this moment.

Countless Open Heaven Realm Masters began to cheer at the sight.

Meanwhile, Yu Chang Dao reached up to stroke his beard. His heart was filled with a sense of relief, but he smiled brilliantly in the face of the congratulatory cheers from the people around him.

On this day, the first of the new generation of Ninth-Order Masters was born to the Human Race outside the Star Boundary. It was later recorded in history books that the birth of this Ninth-Order Master heralded the arrival of a new era!

Yang Kai did not stay for long. Although Shi Da Zhuang had successfully advanced to the Ninth Order, he would need time to consolidate his new strength; therefore, Yang Kai left Ou Yang Lie to watch over Shi Da Zhuang and returned to the Star Boundary.

Without alerting anyone, he came to a certain spot on the World Tree clone where a tree cave was located. The interior was spacious and resembled a secluded home. This tree cave secluded home was where he had hidden himself to recuperate from his wounds in the past.

To cultivate the Three Selves Source Reconstitution Art back then, Yang Kai had paid a huge price to create his Human Self and Monster Self. Each time he created one of his Selves, he would severely damage his foundation by splitting his Soul in half; hence, he had hidden himself here to recuperate from his wounds.

On this occasion, his return was not for recuperation but for cultivation.

Several hundred years had passed since he advanced to the Ninth Order and his heritage had clearly increased during this period, but strictly speaking, he was still just a newly advanced Ninth Order Master with a lot of room for growth.

If he cultivated steadily, he would probably need to spend thousands of years to improve his cultivation to the limits in his current Order. Unfortunately, the Human Race’s second crusade was fast approaching. There was not much time left for him to cultivate, so he had to improve his strength as soon as possible.

If it were anybody else, they might not have a good method to increase their cultivation quickly, but fortunately for Yang Kai, he was one of the Great Emperors of the Star Boundary, so he could borrow the power of the Star Boundary to increase his strength.

That was precisely the reason why the Great Emperors of the Star Boundary and even Thunder Shadow were able to increase their cultivation to their limits far faster than ordinary people. It was because they cultivated with support from the power of the Universe World.

That was especially true for the Star Boundary. The accumulation of feedback from the World Tree clone over several thousands of years had greatly enhanced the Star Boundary’s heritage. At present, not only was the Star Boundary’s World Energy indescribably rich, but the World’s Grand Dao and Principles were also extremely stable. It could be said that there had never been another Universe World like the Star Boundary throughout history, and this unprecedented phenomenon was all thanks to the uninterrupted feedback from the World Tree clone.

If somebody had the ability to absorb all the power in the Star Boundary, it would be enough for them to become a Ninth-Order Master out of thin air. Furthermore, that person would be an extremely mighty Ninth-Order Master.

Yang Kai planned to borrow the power of the Star Boundary to cultivate. To put it simply, he would be utilising the World Energy of the Star Boundary to enhance the heritage of his Small Universe directly.

He had done something similar before. At the time, he had borrowed the power of the Star Boundary to temporarily raise his cultivation from the Sixth Order to the Seventh Order in order to confront a powerful enemy. Although he later returned most of the power to the Star Boundary, a small portion had remained in his Small Universe. This small portion of power had saved him hundreds of years of secluded cultivation, and it was precisely because of this incident that he discovered the benefits of being a Great Emperor of such a Universe World.

Extracting the World Energy from the Star Boundary would naturally cause damage to the Star Boundary, but the Star Boundary’s heritage was unprecedentedly rich. As long as he was measured in his usage and avoided causing damage to the foundation of the Star Boundary, there would not be any problems. Furthermore, the power he absorbed would eventually be replenished again as long as the World Tree clone remained in the Star Boundary.

Yang Kai sat down cross-legged inside the tree cave and focused his mind. With a single thought, the entire Star Boundary came under his control.

“Please assist me,” he murmured softly and opened the portal to his Small Universe.

In the next moment, an invisible and intangible force slowly began to gather from various parts of the Star Boundary. The force subsequently flooded into his Small Universe only to be refined and absorbed by him. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Despite the drain on the Star Boundary’s World Energy, the change was minimal. Even if a Ninth-Order Master were standing here, they would have trouble detecting the changes unless they were paying very close attention. Nevertheless, the Great Emperors of the Star Boundary noticed the changes immediately. Having been recognised as Great Emperors by the World’s Will, they shared the fate of the Star Boundary. It was only natural for them to notice the slightest changes and abnormalities in the Star Boundary.

For a moment, the Great Emperors looked startled and immediately tracked the source of the phenomenon to investigate the situation. Once they learned the disturbance was caused by Yang Kai’s actions, they immediately felt relieved and did not bother to interrupt his cultivation.

This couldn’t be helped. Every one of them had done something similar in the past, including the two youngest Great Emperors. The two newly-advanced Great Emperors had advanced from the Seventh Order to the Eighth Order in several hundred years. That was not a cultivation speed that an ordinary person could hope to achieve. If they had not used the power of the Star Boundary to strengthen themselves, it would have been impossible for them to advance to the Eighth Order so quickly.

Conversely, Yang Kai had never done this in the past because he had always been travelling extensively throughout the years. That was why the Great Emperors immediately understood his intentions once they realized that the incident was caused by Yang Kai. It was evident that he wanted to increase his strength as quickly as possible so that he would have an easier time in the upcoming war.

Yang Kai was the strongest Ninth-Order Master alive; hence, it would be greatly beneficial for the Human Race if he could increase his strength at a rapid pace.

The Star Boundary’s World Energy flowed continuously into Yang Kai’s Small Universe like an invisible stream of water and vanished into thin air. At the same time, the heritage of the Void World in his Small Universe strengthened at an astonishing speed.

Using this method to enhance his cultivation with the power of the Star Boundary was orders of magnitude more efficient than refining cultivation materials or Open Heaven Pills.

The power of a Universe World itself contained various types of Grand Dao, so if someone like Zhan Wu Hen were to cultivate with this method, he would have to spare some time and energy to remove the Dao Strengths that he did not cultivate. Such measures were necessary to prevent his Small Universe from being polluted.

However, Yang Kai had no such need. He was currently proficient in 10,000 Grand Daos, so he basically dabbled in every kind of Dao Strength that existed. Therefore, he would not be troubled by the different kinds of Dao Strengths pouring into his Small Universe from the Star Boundary. On the contrary, these Dao Strengths would enhance his attainments in their corresponding Grand Daos instead. It could be said that he was completely accepting of all the power that flowed into him from the Star Boundary. Everything could become his capital to become stronger.

As the days passed and turned into years, the power of the Star Boundary constantly flowed into the Void World without pause. Nevertheless, Yang Kai ensured that his actions created minimal effects by scrupulously following the principle of making gradual and orderly progress. That was why ordinary cultivators could barely sense any changes to the Star Boundary. Only the Open Heaven Realm Masters with high enough cultivation gradually began to notice that the Star Boundary was different from before.