Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5867, Departure

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“I’ll be leaving first,” Yang Kai informed Mi Jing Lun. After picking out two Void Guards, the three of them immediately travelled in the direction of the No-Return Pass.

According to the original plan, Yang Kai was also supposed to prepare some Space Arrays, it was just that he was responsible for preparing the Space Arrays that connected the exit of the passage to the No-Return Pass instead.

The exit of the secret passage was located in the Blue Sky Theatre, within the territory occupied by the Black Ink Clan back then. Although the distance between this place and the No-Return Pass was not as great as the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, it could not be considered short either. With the Human Race Army’s current enormous line-up, they would need to spend at least two years to arrive at the No-Return Pass without the help of the Space Array, which was an unacceptable delay.

Now that the Black Ink Clan’s scouts in the vicinity had been removed, it would not take long for the enemy to learn about the Human Race’s attack. Speed was crucial under these circumstances. Naturally, it was better for the Human Race Army to attack as soon as possible.

After Yang Kai departed, the remaining Void Guards began to prepare the first Space Array that would be located here. Setting up the Space Array was not a difficult task because all the Space Arrays had been prepared beforehand and transported in the Universe Temples that had been collected previously. Hence, the Void Guard simply had to search for a suitable location, place the Universe Temple in position, and make some slight adjustments to the Space Array inside.

One of the Void Guards in the Eighth Order opened the portal of his Small Universe. Following his actions, the portal expanded incessantly. It did not take long before a Universe Temple emerged. Under Mi Jing Lun’s guidance, he placed the Universe Temple at a certain spot in the void.

Several Void Guards immediately flew into the Universe Temple to check and calibrate the Space Array. A short while later, they reported that everything was ready and the Space Array was in perfect working condition. Thereupon, the Human Race Army finally succeeded in placing their first Space Array on the Black Ink Battlefield.

With this Space Array acting as a connection point, the Space Arrays laid by Yang Kai in the direction of the No-Return Pass and the Space Arrays laid by Li Wu Yi in the direction of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction could easily form a connection with the Space Array in this place. As such, they would have a direct transportation route from the No-Return Pass to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction once they completed their tasks.

There would be many transfer points along the way, but that was preferable compared to the long journey that the Human Race Army would have had to make instead. In this way, they could aim straight at the heart of their enemy as soon as they conquered the No-Return Pass and launch a crusade towards the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction at the fastest speed.

Afterwards, a steady stream of soldiers poured out from the exit of the secret passage. Aside from the group of elites who arrived earlier, all those who came later were soldiers with lower cultivation.

The current Human Race was extremely powerful, and their heritage was unprecedentedly rich. Be that as it may, the Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters and Low-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters occupied the largest proportion of their strength. In particular, the Mid-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters held the highest numbers. The amount of Fourth-Order and Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters was the highest, exceeding the total number of Open Heaven Realm Masters in the Third-Order Open Heaven Realm and below. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

This situation was vastly different from the situation during peaceful times.

Before the Black Ink Clan invaded the 3,000 Worlds, those in the Third Order and below had accounted for the majority of the Human Race. In fact, Yang Kai had encountered many First-Order and Second-Order Masters when he first arrived in the 3,000 Worlds.

On the contrary, hardly any First-Order or Second-Order Masters were born among the Human Race nowadays. Even the weakest Open Heaven Realm Masters advanced directly to the Third Order. As for those who came from the two Open Heaven Realm Cradles, the Star Boundary and the Myriad Monsters World, the Fourth Order was the minimum.

There were two reasons for this situation. In addition to the feedback from the World Tree clone, the process to obtain resources was also much simpler than before.

In the past, most of the ‘low-born’ cultivators had neither the ability nor the capital to obtain the resources needed to advance to the Open Heaven Realm; however, they could now redeem these resources from the Human Race Army as long as they had enough Military Merits to perform an exchange. Strictly speaking, it did not become easier for cultivators to obtain resources, it was simply a more direct method of resource acquisition that had not been available to those who were born from humble backgrounds before.

Back when the Great Passes were in conflict with the Black Ink Clan on the Black Ink Battlefield, the minimum requirement to enter the Black Ink Battlefield was the Sixth Order; after all, those below the Sixth Order were completely helpless against the corruption of Black Ink Strength.

Unlike back then, the Human Race now had the means to resist Black Ink Strength. Not only did they have Purifying Light, which could dispel Black Ink Strength in a cultivator’s Small Universe, but they also had the Purifying Black Ink Pills, which could prevent the corruption of Black Ink Strength. Thus, the requirements had been reduced by a slight margin. Nevertheless, no matter how much they lowered their requirements, the Fourth Order remained the most basic requirement.

Only those in the Fourth Order and above qualified to contribute their strength on the battlefield. Those in the Fourth Order and below would not have much value on the battlefield. In other words, those in the Third-Order Open Heaven Realm and below did not meet the basic requirements to enter the battlefield; after all, the Human Race did not have the habit of using those with weaker cultivation as cannon fodder.

Even so, Mi Jing Lun did not hesitate to bring along all those who were in the Third Order and below for this crusade. The mission of those in the Third Order and below was not to fight on the battlefield but to mine resources!

The Human Race had been lacking cultivation resources for a long time now. If Yang Kai had not brought back a large amount of materials from the Black Ink Clan a couple dozen years ago, the repair of Pure Yang Pass would not have been possible.

At the moment though, the Human Race was practically bankrupt. The demand for various resources would only increase exponentially once the war at the No-Return Pass broke out. Not to mention that resources were required each time they transported the army via the Space Arrays.

Seeing as the entire Human Race Army would need to be transported to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction in the near future, there was no doubt that the consumption of resources would soar to a shocking level. That was why they had to make preparations in advance. Even if they expected to receive an enormous amount of resources once they conquered the No-Return Pass, that would only come after they succeeded in their crusade.

The 3,000 Worlds was an empty shell right now. There was no place left where resources could be sourced from, but the Black Ink Battlefield was different. The vast Black Ink Battlefield had always been a treasure trove of various cultivation resources due to how expansive it was. Over the years, both the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan had been mining resources in the Black Ink Battlefield, and although the Black Ink Battlefield was bound to grow barren one day, it was currently enough to meet the needs of the Human Race.

Therefore, the cultivators in the Third Order and below were dispatched here after the elites of the Human Race Army arrived and settled in. These cultivators did not waste any time; as soon as they arrived, they immediately split into small groups and scattered in all directions to search for locations with resources.

The dozen or so Void Guards who remained behind also split up in various directions. Their current task was to construct more Universe Temples equipped with Space Arrays at various locations throughout the Black Ink Battlefield. This way, the cultivation resources gathered by the others could easily be sent back to the main Army.

The scene might have seemed frantic and chaotic, but things were actually moving forward in an orderly manner.

Two days later, nearly 3 million Third-Order Masters had arrived from Black Territory. That number accounted for almost 10% of the Human Race Army. They swiftly scattered in all directions across the Black Ink Battlefield. At this rate, it would not take long before they brought huge and continuous benefits back with them.

It was not until this moment that Mi Jing Lun’s anxiety finally reduced slightly. Over the years, he had been in charge of the Supreme Headquarters. He was responsible for coordinating and dispatching the Human Race Army, so the supply of resources had also been a huge headache for him. Nevertheless, there was nothing he could do to solve this problem until the Human Race Army set off for the Black Ink Battlefield.

At this point, the Black Ink Battlefield was no longer the Black Ink Clan’s backyard! It belonged to the Human Race!

The Human Race Army was attacking, and the Black Ink Clan could do nothing to stop them except defend the No-Return Pass. The situation at this moment was very similar to the Black Ink Clan’s previous assault on the No-Return Pass, it was just that the offence and defence had been reversed.

At this moment, a figure flew out of the Universe Temple that had just been set up. He came straight to Mi Jing Lun and cupped his fist in greeting, “Supreme Commander Mi, we have established a connection with the first Space Array leading to the No-Return Pass.”

Mi Jing Lun nodded lightly, “Understood.”

Although he seemed calm and collected on the surface, he was secretly amazed by the news.

Yang Kai was very fast indeed. No news came from Li Wu Yi, who had departed earlier; on the other hand, Yang Kai had already finished placing his first Space Array. Thinking about it again though, it was not a surprise. Yang Kai had higher attainments in the Dao of Space compared to Li Wu Yi in the first place, so it was only natural for him to be much faster.

Turning to look at Xiang Shan and the others, Mi Jing Lun issued the order, “Start making arrangements for the teleportation of the Army.”

Xiang Shan and the others nodded, then left to make the necessary arrangements.

Every teleportation that was performed required resources. More importantly, the number of resources consumed was closely related to the number of people being transported; therefore, in order to reduce consumption, the Human Race Army needed the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters to accommodate some of their subordinates in their respective Small Universes in an effort to reduce the number of people being transmitted.

These measures would affect the strength of the High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters to a certain extent, but they would not be affected to the extent that they would be completely helpless in the face of danger as long as they were careful about the number of people they took into their Small Universe. Naturally, it was not a great concern currently since the chance of them being in danger was very minimal.

There were many High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters nowadays, so almost every Squad had at least two or three Seventh-Order Masters. Some Squads might even have as many as four Seventh-Order Masters. This was a situation that would never be seen on the Black Ink Battlefield back then.

If each Squad was considered a unit, then the Seventh-Order Masters were perfectly capable of accommodating all the members of their respective Squads inside their Small Universe. Some of the Seventh-Order Masters could even be accommodated by the Eighth-Order Masters. Under this arrangement, the consumption of resources would be greatly reduced. At the same time, the efficiency of transmission would also be significantly improved.

At this moment, the first portion of the Human Race Army to arrive was preparing to teleport to the location of the first Universe Temple that had been set up. Nevertheless, more troops were streaming in from Black Territory. With both sides rushing forward simultaneously, the Human Race Army was practically unstoppable as they travelled towards the No-Return Pass in quick leaping motions via the Universe Temples established along the way.

A new Space Array would be added to the network every two days or so, meaning soldiers would have to embark on their next teleportation after only a short respite following their arrival at the previous Universe Temple.

Needless to say, they had to leave some manpower behind to guard and defend the Universe Temples lest they be damaged or destroyed by any unexpected incidents. This was true for both the Space Arrays that Yang Kai and Li Wu Yi prepared.

According to the plan, each Universe Temple would be protected by a Void Guard once the Space Array was activated. It was expected that such high-intensity and frequent teleportation would have some impact on the Space Arrays. If any accidents were to happen, these Void Guards could immediately step in to maintain and repair the Space Arrays. Excluding Yang Kai, there were almost 150 Void Guards, which was just enough for such a task.

During this period, they finally received news from Li Wu Yi. The first Space Array had not only been established, but also successfully connected with the Space Array located in front of the entrance to the secret passage.

Half a month later, the entire Human Race Army that had previously gathered in Black Territory arrived without a single member missing, with Wei Jun Yang, who was in charge of bringing up the rear, arriving last.