Chapter 5871, Universe Worlds

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the short span of one month, hundreds of Universe Worlds of varying sizes appeared in the void where the Human Race Army had gathered thanks to the teleportation effects of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors.

At this moment, every single Artifact Refiner and Array Master in the Human Race Army was hard at work; even Yang Kai was toiling away alongside them. Following the consumption of substantial resources, numerous Spirit Arrays were constructed on the Universe Worlds.

Another two months later, their preparations were complete. The dwindling resources of the Human Race were completely exhausted after such a grand and large-scale project; however, the Ninth-Order Masters did not seem worried about the situation.

There were nearly three million Humans at or below the Third Order gathering resources throughout the Black Ink Battlefield and many Universe Temples equipped with Space Arrays connecting to various locations; therefore, it would not take long before large amounts of materials came flowing in from all directions. It could be said that they no longer had to worry about resources as soon as they entered the Black Ink Battlefield through the secret passage.

During the past three months, the Black Ink Clan at the No-Return Pass had repeatedly sent out scouts to investigate the situation. As they did not dare to dispatch any Masters for the task, the information that the weak Black Ink Clansmen could obtain was very limited. All the Black Ink Clan knew was that the Human Race Army had assembled at a spot some three days’ journey from the No-Return Pass, and that they could attack at any moment. They could not gain any further information regarding the situation.

On this day, all preparations were completed. The Human Race Army finally embarked on their quest to retake the No-Return Pass!

This crusade was the first of its kind in the thousands of years since the Black Ink Clan first invaded the 3,000 Worlds, the first time the Human Race had truly taken the initiative in the war. The roles of the hunter and the prey were reversed at this moment. It was also the first battle since the Human Race Army launched their offensive; hence, every single soldier in the Human Race Army displayed high morale and intense fighting spirit.

The bustling void became empty in a flash. Aside from the Squads who had to stay behind and guard the Universe Temples and the Human Race Masters with special duties, the rest of the Army had divided into two groups and advanced towards the No-Return Pass. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

One day later, the movements of the Human Race Army were relayed to the No-Return Pass by their lookouts. Mo Na Ye finally felt his anxiety receding slightly at the knowledge.

The Human Race Army had come to attack, but there had been no movement from them for the past three months. The feeling of having a knife held against his neck was extremely uncomfortable. He did not know what sort of preparations and arrangements the enemy was making during this period, but he could be certain about one thing, he could not afford to underestimate them. Now that the blade had been swung, who was stronger and who was weaker would be determined in combat.

There was no doubt that the Human Race Army was the strongest it had ever been, but the Black Ink Clan was not inferior. Mo Na Ye also believed that the Black Ink Clan had a slight advantage as the defending party. Under these circumstances, the Human Race Army would most likely be sent back in defeat if they came attacking directly from the front. It was truly unfortunate that the Commander of the opposing party was Mi Jing Lun, who would never make such a stupid decision.

After receiving the report from the scouts on the frontlines, Mo Na Ye glanced at the information and frowned deeply. It was just as he had expected, the Human Race Army had made various deployments and arrangements in advance.

The reports indicated that the Human Race Army was not aiming for a frontal attack. On the contrary, they had divided their forces into two groups and taken a considerable detour by travelling in a wide arc. Judging by their formation, they seemed to be approaching the No-Return Pass from both the right and left sides in a pincer attack.

The deployment of the Human Race Army was both reasonable yet also unexpected; nevertheless, their actions confused Mo Na Ye. He knew that Mi Jing Lun was not na?ve enough to believe the Humans could conquer the No-Return Pass with such a simple pincer attack, but he could not figure out the purpose behind their deployment either.

Unable to determine their aim, Mo Na Ye could only adopt countermeasures on the fly according to how the situation evolved. At his command, most of the Black Ink Clan Army in the No-Return Pass mobilised various defensive measures ahead of the Human Race Army’s advance.

The Humans sailed forward aggressively. It was always necessary to take the initiative in a war; after all, the only deciding factor between victory and defeat was the limit of casualties that could be sustained by the respective parties.

At this moment, Yang Kai was back at the base camp of the Human Army on one of the largest Universe Worlds in the vicinity of the Universe Temple. He was lying down in a deserted mountain valley with his arms behind his head and one leg crossed over his knee. Staring into the void blankly, he looked like he was enjoying a rare moment of peace amidst the chaotic situation.

He had been fighting the Black Ink Clan for countless years. During this period, he had always been cultivating hard or rushing somewhere to accomplish a mission. There had never been a time when he could relax, so he couldn’t help feeling a little strange at the abrupt change.

Nevertheless, the reason he did not join the assault was that he had his own mission to carry out. Dozens of Void Guard and hundreds of Eighth-Order Masters were also tasked with carrying out similar missions. At this moment, they were scattered around the numerous Universe Worlds that had been prepared beforehand.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai’s unfocused gaze sharpened without warning and a light flashed through his eyes at the same time.

“It’s about time!” He muttered to himself, climbing to his feet as he stretched lazily.

Peaceful and happy times were often short-lived in this age of chaos. After taking the time to forget about his troubles and enjoying a carefree rest for a day, Yang Kai felt refreshed and full of energy. It was time to take action.

With a shout, he circulated his strength and channelled his World Force into the Spirit Array beneath his feet. The intricate patterns of the Spirit Array immediately lit up and rapidly spread outward like an uncontrolled wildfire. Looking down from the void, it could be seen that the Spirit Array was extremely large. In fact, the Spirit Array practically covered 10% the entire Universe World’s surface. When the Spirit Array was activated, an enormous light barrier emerged to surround the Universe World.

Propelled by the power of the light barrier under Yang Kai’s control, the gigantic Universe World which had been peacefully hovering in the void slowly began to move as though it was being pushed by a large, invisible hand.

At first, this movement was slight; however, its momentum became greater and greater with the passage of time. After passing through the various Spirit Arrays that were constructed in the void beforehand, the speed of the Universe World’s increased sharply. Furthermore, the direction in which the enormous Universe World was advancing was none other than the direction where the No-Return Pass was located!

Behind this enormous Universe World, countless other Universe Worlds and Fragments of varying sizes were moving in the same direction. It was a magnificent sight to behold.

Yang Kai stood on top of the Universe World, looking bold and heroic. Throwing his head back with laughter, he sent a Divine Sense transmission in all directions, “Proud soldiers of the Human Race, let us charge into battle!”

Many Eighth-Order Masters and Void Guards responded gallantly from the backs of those Universe Worlds.

The strategy to attack the Black Ink Clan by making use of the impact caused by the collision of Universe Worlds was pioneered by the Great Evolution Army during the previous war.

While the Northern and Southern Great Evolution Armies blockaded the Great Evolution Pass under Mi Jing Lun’s command, Xiang Shan led the Eastern and Western Armies to assault the Royal City. At that time, Xiang Shan had repeatedly unleashed this tactic, draining the strength of the Black Ink Clan to a huge extent.

This strategy was generally very difficult to employ; after all, it was very strenuous to gather the Universe Worlds that were scattered throughout the void. Simply transporting appropriate Universe Worlds with manpower alone was not only extremely time-consuming but also incredibly labour-intensive, so the effort was considered impractical. However, the strategy became much more viable with Yang Kai’s Void Yin-Yang Mirrors. The Human Race Army gained the ability to gather Universe Worlds that were originally scattered throughout the void thanks to the support of the Void Yin-Yang Mirrors. Then, they prepared various Spirit Arrays to support and reinforce their ‘weapons’.

The Great Evolution Army had employed this tactic to cause not only tremendous damage to the Black Ink Clan, but to also threaten the Royal City in the Great Evolution Theatre. At the same time, the losses faced by the Great Evolution Army were reduced significantly.

The scouts dispatched by the No-Return Pass had naturally discovered traces of the Human Race Army gathering Universe Worlds. Needless to say, even Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen couldn’t miss hundreds of Universe Worlds being brought over by the Humans. The gathering of so many Universe Worlds was by no means a small-scale action after all.

When Mo Na Ye received the information from his scouts, he was amazed that the Humans had such mysterious means. He did not think too much about this matter though as he simply assumed that the Human Race Masters were planning to mine resources from those Universe Worlds. How could he have known that they were planning to use these Universe Worlds to attack the No-Return Pass?

If there were any survivors from the Black Ink Clan Army of Great Evolution Theatre, they would have understood the Human Race Army’s intentions in a heartbeat. It was a pity that the entire Black Ink Clan Army from the Black Ink Battlefield back then had been exterminated by the Humans during the first crusade.

Furthermore, the Black Ink Disciples under the current Black Ink Clan’s control had not participated in the previous war on the Black Ink Battlefield. There had also been no need for the Human Race Army to employ this tactic over the past few thousands of years. The assault on the No-Return Pass was the first opportunity to make use of this strategy!

Mi Jing Lun did not expect this battle to determine victory and defeat. There were countless Masters in the No-Return Pass, not to mention two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods. They were by no means easy prey to defeat.

Nevertheless, it was the first battle since the Human Race Army set off to conquer the No-Return Pass, so it was only natural to start things off on the right foot. Therefore, they had not hesitated to bring out the Universe World impact strategy that was used to besiege Great Evolution Royal City in the past. The Humans even exhausted their remaining resources transporting and modifying several hundred Universe Worlds for this initial battle.

The reason why the Human Race Army had to divide into two groups and sail in a wide arc was to leave a clear path for the Universe Worlds that were hurtling towards the No-Return Pass. Otherwise, these Universe Worlds would have collided with their troops that were blocking the way. It would be extremely embarrassing if they struck their own forces before they even managed to attack their enemy.

Besides, the Human Race Army would also distract the Black Ink Clan’s attention by marching ahead. All the forces of the Black Ink Clan in the No-Return Pass were currently focused on the Human Race Army advancing from the left and right sides. How could they ever have imagined that hundreds of Universe Worlds would come flying at them from their centre?

Many Black Ink Clansmen were gathered in the Grand Hall of the No-Return Pass, and the atmosphere was gloomy. The attack of the Human Race Army had long been expected; in fact, Mo Na Ye had already anticipated today’s situation all the way back when he recalled all the Pseudo-Royal Lords more than 20 years ago.

At the time, the Black Ink Clan could have chosen to retreat from the No-Return Pass, but where would they go after leaving this place? Were they supposed to aimlessly wander around the Black Ink Battlefield? Even if they did that, they would be found by the Human Race Army one day. Rather than fighting in the void of the Black Ink Battlefield, it was better to stay and defend the already fortified No-Return Pass.

Furthermore, the mission of the Black Ink Clan had always been to erode the 3,000 Worlds and destroy the Human Race so that Mo would rule the Universe. The Black Ink Clan was not born to fight for their survival, but for their Supreme One’s ultimate hegemony.

Report after report came from the front. Following the steady approach of the Human Race Army from both sides, the atmosphere in the Grand Hall became increasingly depressed.

It was not until the Human Army was only half a day’s journey away from the No-Return Pass that Mo Na Ye slowly got to his feet. Glancing around at the many Pseudo-Royal Lords gathered below him, he solemnly declared, “Everyone, assume your duties and take your positions. Since the Humans dare to come attacking, then we will slaughter them until not a single one of them is left alive!”

The Pseudo-Royal Lords accepted the order and hurriedly flew away.

Then, Mo Na Ye looked at Mo Yu again, “Sir, when the time comes, we will need you to restrain one of the Ninth-Order Masters; however, the situation on the battlefield changes rapidly. Please adapt to the circumstances as you see fit.”

Mo Yu nodded, “I know, but I probably won’t even need to worry about anything. The Ninth-Order Masters will come to me themselves.”

Mo Na Ye agreed. There were more Ninth-Order Masters than Royal Lords at the moment, so they would surely attempt to restrain both himself and Mo Yu. There was really no need for Mo Yu to bother taking the initiative.