Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5872, One Way Journey

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Mo Na Ye glanced at Di Ya Luo, “I will engage with Yang Kai in battle; meanwhile, look for an opportunity to make your move. Do not expose yourself unless you find a suitable opening!”

“I understand!” Di Ya Luo nodded heavily.

As the only Royal Lord born within the Black Ink Clan over the past 20 years, he was the trump card that Mo Na Ye had prepared against Yang Kai, so his existence could not be exposed. The moment he appeared, he had to strike a deadly blow against Yang Kai. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Among all the Ninth-Order Masters, Yang Kai posed the greatest threat to the Black Ink Clan. No matter the strength of the other Ninth-Order Masters, they could be contained by several Pseudo-Royal Lords working together.

Only Yang Kai, whose Dao Strength River was both profound and mysterious, was extremely difficult to handle. The Pseudo-Royal Lords alone were not enough to restrain him. It was only possible to stop him if a Royal Lord personally took action. Moreover, it would also depend on whether there was an opportunity to obstruct Yang Kai as the latter was proficient in the Dao of Space, which made him as slippery as an eel. Without the right opportunity, nobody could even hope to pin him down.

Although the Black Ink Clan had two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods, they could not be dispatched into battle casually as the true Giant Spirit Gods were eyeing the No-Return Pass eagerly. If the two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods left their post in the No-Return Pass, the Black Ink Clan would have no means to guarantee the safety of their rear. It could be said that the existence of the two Giant Spirit Gods was keeping the Black Ink Clan’s strongest combat force in check. Naturally, the same could be said in reverse. In this situation, neither side had an advantage over the other.

After making various arrangements, Mo Na Ye darted out of the Grand Hall and stared into the depths of the void. With his cultivation and eyesight, he could naturally see the imposing Human Race Army around him.

The huge and boundless fleet coming from both sides resembled a swarm of locusts that covered his entire field of vision. Just looking at the scene gave off an extremely strong sense of oppression. Not to mention, there was a conspicuous and majestic Great Pass on the left side of the Human Race Army that stood out like a sore thumb. The corner of his face twitched involuntarily at the sight of the Great Pass as it was none other than Pure Yang Pass that Yang Kai took from the No-Return Pass some 20 years ago.

Despite knowing that the Human Race Army would use Pure Yang Pass against the Black Ink Clan if they let Yang Kai take it, the Black Ink Clan was forced to make certain concessions due to the pressure from various threats caused by Yang Kai at the time. That was because the safety of the Pseudo-Royal Lords wandering outside could not be guaranteed if Yang Kai was allowed to act as he pleased.

The Great Pass had been repaired and modified by the Human Race. At this moment, the entire Great Pass seemed to radiate with a sense of grandeur. It was easy to see that the various artifacts mounted on the walls of the Great Pass were not mere decorations. Any Black Ink Clansman who dared to approach the Great Pass would instantly be greeted with a storm of attacks.

With Pure Yang Pass, the safety of Mi Jing Lun, who served as the Supreme Commander of the Human Race Army would be guaranteed. Mo Na Ye couldn’t help feeling a twinge of regret at the sight. He had been searching for an opportunity to eliminate Mi Jing Lun the entire time, but the latter had always remained in the Supreme Headquarters during the previous wars. Because Mi Jing Lun rarely entered the battlefield, the Black Ink Clan had been unable to touch a single hair on his head up until now. Besides, it had been obvious that Yang Kai was preparing the Great Pass for Mi Jing Lun when he came to the No-Return Pass and demanded Pure Yang Pass.

Mo Na sneered coldly to himself, [Yang Kai sure takes good care of Supreme Commander Mi.]

Then, various other thoughts came to mind unbidden, [I wonder if the Human Race Army will fall into chaos if Mi Jing Lun is killed before they launch their attack on the No-Return Pass. Haaa… Where is Yang Kai?]

He swept his gaze over the Human Race Army coming from both sides but did not spot his nemesis anywhere. The realization caused Mo Na Ye to become vigilant. Not only was Yang Kai proficient in the Dao of Space, but he also seemed to have mastered a mysterious Secret Technique that almost perfectly concealed himself. If he wanted to stay hidden and ambush the Pseudo-Royal Lords during the battle, none of the Pseudo-Royal Lords would survive the encounter.

[Could he be hiding in the vicinity? That’s certainly a possibility…]

Just as Mo Na Ye was starting to feel suspicious, the Human Race Army that had been approaching the No-Return Pass slowly from both flanks suddenly accelerated. The news was instantly relayed to the entire No-Return Pass.

The battle was about to begin, and the atmosphere in the No-Return Pass was chilling! The entire Black Ink Clan had mentally prepared themselves to fight the Humans to the death; likewise, the Pseudo-Royal Lords were blazing with intense fighting spirit. They displayed their auras proudly, not bothering to conceal their presence in the slightest.

Four hours passed and the Humans were now closing in on the No-Return Pass. Be it the Human Race Army or the Black Ink Clan Army, the stronger soldiers now could already see the various deployments of the opposing party clearly.

At this moment, none of the Black Ink Clansmen, including the Royal Lords, noticed anything abnormal; however, the two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods standing guard on both sides of the No-Return Pass reacted as though they had discovered something.

One of the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods grabbed a Universe Fragment from nearby and hurled it into the distance, just like how he had attacked Yang Kai several months ago. The rather large Universe Fragment shot through the void at a high speed, but under the astonished gaze of the Black Ink Clan, it did not hurtle towards the Human Race Army but instead soared off into the empty middle void. Then, the two Giant Spirit Gods began to hurl Universe Fragment after Universe Fragment into the void without pause.

A great surge of anxiety immediately washed over Mo Na Ye at the sight.

According to the original plans, the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were supposed to use this tactic against the Human Race Army once the war began. They were responsible for guarding the No-Return Pass, so they could not move around easily. Nevertheless, they could rely on throwing these Universe Fragments to create a great degree of disturbance to the Human Race Army. If they were lucky, they might even injure their enemies. Even the Eighth-Order Masters would not be able to withstand such an attack from these Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods.

However, the two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods had unexpectedly begun to take action before the war started or the Black Ink Clan Army in the No-Return Pass engaged the enemy. The sudden turn of events was very different from the original plans.

As the two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods were both Soul Clones of the Supreme One, Mo Na Ye had no right to criticize them for anything. Be that as it may, he gradually began to notice the abnormality after observing their actions. He looked in the direction where the Universe Fragments were being thrown, and what entered his field of vision were countless shadows of indescribable size!

When he finally caught a clear glimpse of the shadows, his body began to shake involuntarily. At the same time, he felt as though his head was about to explode at the sight. Those shadows were actually enormous Universe Worlds!

He finally realised something about the piece of information that he had neglected before. The reason the Human Race Army had gathered so many Universe Worlds was not to mine for resources! They were using them as weapons to attack the No-Return Pass!

With the abilities of the Human Race, it was not surprising for them to achieve such a feat, it was just that Mo Na Ye never expected them to attack in such an outrageous manner. The Black Ink Clan had only thought of relying on the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods’ strength to attack the Human Race Army by throwing Universe Fragments at them, but the Humans found a way to do something similar! They had brought the Universe Worlds to the war! Moreover, there were hundreds of them! It was simply outrageous!

In Mo Na Ye’s field of vision, the Universe World that came first was particularly massive.

At the same time, Yang Kai’s figure finally appeared on the periphery of a large Universe World. He was flying through the void, leading hundreds of unstoppable Universe Worlds in a torrent behind him. Facing the first Universe Fragment that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God hurled at him, Yang Kai simply raised his hand slightly and clenched his fist lightly. In response, the Universe Fragment instantly exploded into dust.

“Pointless tricks!”

10 million kilometres away, Yang Kai looked in the direction of the No-Return Pass and grinned at Mo Na Ye. Immediately after that, he summoned the Space-Time River. The river was like a whip, dancing wildly in the void, smashing all the Universe Fragments hurtling towards him.

“Useless! All useless!” His voice resounded through the void, “Mo Na Ye, there is an old saying among the Human Race that goes, ‘It’s rude not to reciprocate a kind gesture’! The Black Ink Clan delivered Pure Yang Pass and a considerable amount of resources to me 20 years ago, so I brought you a generous gift today in return. Please accept my sincerity!”

Behind the Universe Fragments, hundreds of Eighth-Order Masters shouted in unison, “Please accept our sincerity!”

Their unrestrained and defiant expressions nearly gave Mo Na Ye a heart attack from rage; likewise, the expressions of the Black Ink Clansmen in the No-Return Pass turned increasingly solemn.

They would not have worried if they were simply attacked with hundreds of Universe Worlds. All from the Black Ink Clan Masters were currently assembled in the No-Return Pass, so with their combined strength, mere hundreds of Universe Worlds could easily be destroyed before they even got close.

However, the Human Race Army was currently surging towards their left and right flanks. If the Black Ink Clan diverted their strength to intercept these Universe Worlds, the Human Army would surely take advantage of their distraction. On the other hand, the impact on the No-Return Pass would be too much if they simply ignored the Universe Worlds. The Black Ink Clan Masters might not be too affected, but those with lower cultivation would definitely suffer heavy casualties.

Any possible casualties were merely their secondary concern however as their primary worry was that the impact of such an attack might threaten the safety of the Black Ink Nests; after all, Black Ink Nests were all extremely fragile.

At this moment, the intention of the Humans was extremely clear. The two groups pressing them from either side abruptly increased their speed so that they arrived at the same time as the Universe Worlds. They were planning to completely overwhelm the Black Ink Clan from all sides.

It was too late to reposition the troops at this point, so all Mo Na Ye could do was make some subtle adjustments here and there. He relayed order after order to the Black Ink Clan Army, and to their credit, the Black Ink Clan Army flawlessly executed his commands.

The short wait that followed felt like endless torture. As the hundreds of Universe Worlds drew nearer, their huge shadows seemed to block out the entire sky, causing every single Black Ink Clansman to feel a heavy and oppressive pressure. Many Black Ink Clan Masters also held their breaths and braced themselves against the coming impact.

An hour later, the hundreds of Universe Worlds that were launched from the depths of the void finally entered the attacking range of the Black Ink Clan. Mo Na Ye swiftly unleashed a Secret Technique. His actions were immediately followed by an overwhelming wave of attacks that burst out from the No-Return Pass and blasted towards the distance.

“Good!” Yang Kai pushed his Space-Time River in front of the lead Universe World, coiling it into a giant swirling shield that absorbed and blocked the various Secret Techniques blasting towards it, causing the water to churn violently.

Yang Kai could only endure this barrage for 10 breaths before he began to buckle under the pressure. His strength was impressive and his attainments in the Grand Daos were extremely profound; nevertheless, it was an extravagant hope to withstand the combined attacks of so many Masters from the Black Ink Clan. If he stubbornly insisted on this course of action, the very foundation of his Grand Daos would be affected once the Space-Time River was damaged.

After uttering such haughty words, Yang Kai decisively dodged to the side. Without his interference, the enormous Universe World was blasted apart by the rain of Secret Techniques that came flying over in the next moment. The Universe World shattered to pieces and scattered about

At the same time, the Human Army approaching the No-Return Pass unleashed a volley of attacks. The void immediately lit up in various colours of all intensities. Then, these lights streaked across space like shooting stars and rained down upon the No-Return Pass.