Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5885, Strange Small Stone Race Member

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Because he was worried about Big Brother Huang, Big Sister Lan, and Zhang Ruo Xi, Yang Kai’s complete attention was on the strange egg-shaped object after arriving here, so he had failed to notice anything else out of the ordinary.

Moreover, he really hadn’t expected to be ambushed in this place. More importantly, the ambusher’s aura was exactly the same as the mist, making it the perfect camouflage.

It wasn’t until the other party was charging at him that Yang Kai finally noticed.

The ambusher was extremely fast and was already before him by the time he blinked. When Yang Kai finally caught sight of the figure, he couldn’t help but look surprised.

The one rushing at him was none other than a Small Stone Race member, who was slightly larger than an ordinary Human. At first glance, it gave the impression of someone wearing a set of stone armor.

[This is?]

Along the way, Yang Kai had seen hundreds of millions of Small Stone Race members, but none of them had paid him any attention. However, after coming here, this one suddenly attacked him. Yang Kai had no idea how he had offended it.

The other party’s attack was quite simple; after all, this was a race with low sentience. All it did was charge over and throw a punch at Yang Kai once it arrived in front of him.

Yang Kai casually raised his hand to block.

The strength of the Small Stone Race was directly related to their size. The bigger they were, the stronger their strength. The Small Stone Race members that were as strong as Eighth-Order Master were all 1,000 metres tall and could only be considered giants.

Under normal circumstances, such a Small Stone Race member that was just slightly larger than the Human could not be any stronger than the Fifth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master.

Yang Kai could easily block an attack from such a being with his current cultivation.

However, Yang Kai realized how horribly wrong he was the next moment. Much to his astonishment, this punch actually made him stagger back and the palm he used to block it was actually tingling slightly. If Yang Kai hadn’t noticed that something was wrong at the moment of contact and hurriedly increased his strength, this single punch would have sent him flying.

Before he could figure out what was going on, the Small Stone Race member threw another punch at him at incredible speed.

“What the Hell?” Yang Kai was truly shocked and swiftly blocked the attack before fighting back.

The shock in Yang Kai’s heart was indescribable.

This strange Small Stone Race member before him was completely different from those he knew. Just from the strength and speed of its punches, this Small Stone Race member was not inferior to an ordinary Ninth-Order Master!

[Is this guy really from the Small Stone Race?]

Although Yang Kai didn’t know why this Small Stone Race member in front of him had undergone such a strange mutation, he was certain it was absolutely not an ordinary one.

All this time, the strongest Small Stone Race members cultivated by Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan were only equivalent to Eighth-Order Masters. In the past, Yang Kai had thought that if Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan could cultivate Small Stone Race members equivalent to Ninth-Order Masters, it would be a great help to the Human Race.

However, this was just a fantasy. It was already Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s limit to cultivate Small Stone Race Soldiers to the level of an Eighth-Order Master. Wishing to cultivate one that was equal to a Ninth-Order Master was simply a fool’s dream.

In the past, Yang Kai had asked them about this matter, and the answer he received was that all of the Small Stone Race members were nurtured by either pure Yang or Yin Energy. The Great Sun Small Stone Race was created by Big Brother Huang, while the Great Moon Small Stone Race was created by Big Sister Lan.

As Yang Kai was intimately aware now, solitary Yin or Yang cannot give birth to true life. These two Small Stone Race Armies that had been cultivated using only one type of Energy had an innate flaw, so it was impossible for them to grow to the level of a Ninth-Order Master, no matter how much energy they absorbed.

In order to solve this problem, their energies needed to be converged and condensed in a kind of Yin Yang Harmony. Only then would there be a slight possibility to go further.

After having not come to the Chaotic Dead Territory in so many years, Yang Kai had not only seen hundreds of millions of Small Stone Race members rampaging out of control, but a Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Master also attacked him. Truly, life was unpredictable.

Be that as it may, the appearance of this Small Stone Race Master in front of him undoubtedly proved that the Small Stone Race could in fact produce existences comparable to Ninth-Order Masters!

[How did this happen?]

Yang Kai couldn’t help but think of the strange mist he had seen as a vague guess popped up in his mind.

Zhang Ruo Xi’s Heavens Order Bloodline was derived from the core essence of the Primordial Light which was the harmonizing factor for the pure Yin and Yang Energies of Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan. Yin and Yang were intertwining inside the mist, fulfilling the conditions required for the birth of a Ninth-Order Small Stone Race.

This discovery greatly excited Yang Kai. The Small Stone Race had given birth to something equivalent to a Ninth-Order Master, which would definitely be of great help to the Human Race! It was the right choice to make a trip to Chaotic Dead Territory.

The mutant Small Stone Race Master continued its onslaught against Yang Kai owing to its limited intelligence, while Yang Kai couldn’t retaliate against it, putting him in a bit of an awkward situation.

“Fortunately, that is all it is,” Yang Kai softly muttered. Because the Small Stone Race’s intelligence was low, it only knew how to punch instinctively. So, even though it had strength and speed comparable to a Ninth-Order Master, its combat capabilities were much inferior; otherwise, it would be quite troublesome to deal with it.

Just as this thought flashed through Yang Kai’s mind, the Small Stone Race Master who had been chasing him all this time suddenly stopped, and did something that greatly stunned him.

It raised its two hands and spread its arms, its palms facing each other as if it was holding a giant, invisible ball.

The next moment, the colour of its eyes suddenly changed, one becoming yellow, the other blue. Their colours weren’t constant either and were instead rapidly changing. At any given moment, the colour of its eyes flickered back and forth.

Seeing this change, Yang Kai’s heart jumped as he instinctively felt something wrong. By the looks of it, this strange Small Stone Race Master had another unknown ability!

Just as expected, following the actions of this Small Stone Race Master, extremely rich Yin and Yang Energies emerged in the space between in its palms. The two forces rapidly circled around each other before merging together like a spinning top, rapidly expanding and transforming into the size of a washbasin in the blink of an eye. As the two energies rotated, the yellow and blue colours also began to blend and change.

“Hmm…” Not far away, Yang Kai stopped and observed, sensing the fluctuations from the ball of energy formed by the fusion of Yin and Yang, quickly deducing the power of this move.

This kind of attack was definitely not inferior to a full power strike from a Ninth-Order Master.

From the moment the Small Stone Race Master halted and began using this mysterious technique, less than a breath of time had passed. Once the Yin Yang Ball was fully formed, the Small Strone Race Master hurled it straight towards Yang Kai.

The recoil from this move even pushed the Small Stone Race Master a few steps back.

Yang Kai raised his brow. This power… was even greater than he had expected.

Nonetheless, the way it used this Secret Technique was far too crude. Although this attack was exceptionally strong, it couldn’t hit him. Yang Kai simply side-stepped and easily dodged the incoming projectile.

Be that as it may, the Small Stone Race Master clearly didn’t intend to stop. After stabilizing its footing, it repeated its actions.

As such, the Small Stone Race Master fired several Yin Yang Balls one after another while Yang Kai continued dodging them casually.

[Is that the only attack it knows?] Yang Kai muttered in his heart. After waiting for a while and confirming that the Small Stone Race Master had no new tricks, he decided to end this.

He didn’t want to kill this Small Stone Race Master. No matter how it was born, it should be closely related to Zhang Ruo Xi, Big Brother Huang, and Big Sister Lan. Furthermore, this Small Stone Race Master would be of great help to the Human Race. It would be a pity to kill a helper as strong as a Ninth-Order Master.

Yang Kai wanted to subdue it.

In order to command a race with such low sentience like the Small Stone Race, the fastest and most convenient way was to activate the Great Sun and Moon Marks.

Immediately, Yang Kai stretched his hands towards it, directing the power of the Great Sun and Moon Marks towards the Small Stone Race Master.

Unfortunately, the infallible control method actually had no effect this time. The Small Stone Race Master who was attacking Yang Kai with Yin Yang Balls was dazed for a moment but then resumed attacking immediately after…

Yang Kai couldn’t help frowning.

The Great Sun and Moon Marks had always been a fool-proof way to command the Small Stone Race. In front of these two marks, even the Eighth-Order Small Stone Race members had always been extremely obedient; this method seemed to have lost all effectiveness with this Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Master.

This was the first time such a thing had happened.

But after giving it a thought, Yang Kai vaguely understood what was going on.

The former Small Stone Race Soldiers had all been cultivated by either Big Brother Huang or Big Sister Lan, so their Marks naturally had a suppressive effect.

However, this Ninth-Order one not only had Big Brother Huang and Big Sister Lan’s energies, but also Zhang Ruo Xi’s ability to harmonize them. It had already become a brand-new kind of power, so the Great Sun and Moon Marks’ effects were almost negligible.

Although he had come to such a conclusion, Yang Kai was not willing to just give up and tried to activate the power of his Marks several more times, but to no avail.

Ultimately, he had no choice but to abandon this plan.

[Damn it!] Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It wasn’t easy for a Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Master to appear, yet it refused to listen to his orders. Yang Kai wanted to bring it to the battlefield to use as a surprise trump card against the Black Ink Clan. Apart from anything else, if such a Small Stone Race Master didn’t care about its life or death, it wouldn’t be a problem for it to battle a Royal Lord for a short time. Of course, because its attacks were simple and its intelligence was low, it wouldn’t end well for it if it were to fight for too long.

While many thoughts were flashing across Yang Kai’s mind, the Small Stone Race powerhouse seemed to have used up too much of its energy as the yellow and blue colour in its eyes gradually became dimmer after sending out so many Yin Yang Balls.

Immediately, it turned around and flew towards the direction it had come from.

This situation was very much like going back to find food after a fight, not caring if Yang Kai would do anything to it…

Yang Kai couldn’t help but worry about the intelligence of this being. Although it had extreme strength, if it was let loose on the battlefield without any method to control it, it would likely cause just as much disturbance to the Human side as the Black Ink Clan’s.

“Oh well,” Yang Kai relaxed. There was only one such Small Stone Race Master, so even if he couldn’t subdue it, he wasn’t too distressed either.

But this joy only lasted for three breaths before Yang Kai looked in the direction of the returning Small Stone Race powerhouse as two more identical Small Stone Race Masters emerged from the mist!