Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5887 - 5887, Popping His Head Out

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In just a short month, Yang Kai had taken in more than a couple hundred million Small Stone Race Soldiers into his Small Universe. Such a terrifying number put even Yang Kai’s Small Universe under a great deal of pressure. Although he could still take in more, after carefully weighing the pros and cons, he decided to temporarily put aside this unrestrained method of collecting Small Stone Race Soldiers and instead focus on taking in the elites.

As such, he continued to wander through the Chaotic Dead Territory’s various battlefields for the next two months, specifically looking for the Eighth-Order ones.

He might not be able to subdue Zhang Ruo Xi’s Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters, but with the help of the Great Sun and Moon Marks, it wasn’t a problem to subdue some Eighth-Order ones. Right now, the Eighth-Order ones in the Chaotic Dead Territory were in quite a large number, and with the constant dispersion of the Yang and Yin Energy, this number would only continue to increase.

As such, Yang Kai’s actions didn’t have much of an impact on the population of the Small Stone Race. All he needed to do was grasp the balance between the two sides; while he was subduing a certain number of Great Sun Small Stone Race, he also needed to subdue an equal number of Great Moon Small Stone Race members. This way, he wouldn’t break the balance in the Chaotic Dead Territory, which would naturally prevent a situation where one side completely suppressed the other and would eventually wipe it out.

Three months after the last energy burst, a dazzling light once again appeared in Zhang Ruo Xi’s direction, followed by the dispersal of Yin and Yang Energies in all directions, filling the Chaotic Dead Territory.

Yang Kai was well prepared this time. He immediately began competing with the Small Stone Race Armies for the manifestations of Yang and Yin Energies. As such, his harvest was much greater than last time.

When the energy went out of control, he would collect the manifestations, and after the energy stabilized, he would search for the Eighth-Order Small Stone Race members.

Only after more than a year did Yang Kai finally leave the Chaotic Dead Territory.

The Small Stone Race members he had subdued were enough, and he had also collected a large amount of Yellow and Blue Crystals, enough to sustain the Human Race for 1,000 years. Although there was still some time left, Yang Kai didn’t dare to stay any longer.

According to his and Mi Jing Lun’s plan, after the Human Race’s first attack on the No-Return Pass, they would launch their second attack two years later regardless of the previous results; however, sometimes plans couldn’t keep up with sudden changes in the status quo and accidents might occur, causing the second battle to be brought forward ahead of schedule. As such, he had to return to the Barren Territory as soon as possible.

The return trip was uneventful, and Yang Kai returned to the Barren Territory after three months.

Yang Kai had taken three months to reach the Chaotic Dead Territory as well, because he wasn’t in a hurry, and he was injured as well. He was using the journey to slowly recover from his wounds, so he hadn’t used his full strength.

Yang Kai didn’t stop for even a moment on his way back, but the reason why he had spent the same amount of time was because his top speed had fallen.

He had taken in too many Small Stone Race into his Small Universe, which made it difficult for him to circulate his strength. To put it simply, the Small Universe’s burden had affected his strength, lowering his speed.

The moment Yang Kai returned to the Barren Territory, he immediately looked in the direction of the Territory Gate. He could vaguely see the magnificent No-Return Pass, but there seemed to be no sign of a battle. Yang Kai immediately breathed a sigh of relief after confirming this.

However, just to be safe, he still entered the Territory Gate and poked his head out to take a closer look at the No-Return Pass.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

As far as the eye could see, the entire No-Return Pass was in an extremely tense state, with soldiers flinching up at the slightest sound. The dense Black Ink Strength was like a thick layer of dark clouds that covered the sky.

Compared to the last battle, the current No-Return Pass had obviously undergone some changes in its defensive arrangements. With the help of the damaged Great Passes, the Black Ink Clan’s perimeter had shrunk, and a large number of artifacts had been placed on these damaged Great Passes. The entire No-Return Pass was filled with a sense of danger.

By the looks of it, the last battle had clearly made the Black Ink Clan aware of their own disadvantages. Although occupying the No-Return Pass gave them the defenders advantage, correspondingly, it made them a fixed target. The Human Race’s strategy of using Universe Worlds to attack them was a perfect example of how their fixed position could be taken advantage of.

As such, even though the Black Ink Clan’s forces were still strong, they had still shrunk their defensive perimeter, greatly increasing their defensive strength.

Under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for the Human Race to obtain similar results after the Black Ink Clan had made such changes.

In the last battle, the Black Ink Clan was caught off guard when the Universe Worlds came flying at them. Hundreds of Universe Worlds had various Spirit Arrays arranged on them, so the damage from this assault was immense. Once the Black Ink Clan’s defensive line was broken, the Human Race Army wrought havoc by flooding in through these breaches.

With the current deployment of the Black Ink Clan, even if the Human Race used their previous tactics of launching Universe Worlds, they wouldn’t be able to easily breach the defensive line.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but click his tongue. Although he knew that taking back the No-Return Pass would not be an easy task, he found that it was even more difficult to deal with than he had expected after seeing that the Black Ink Clan had gathered all of their forces.

Just as he was thinking of continuing to observe, more than a dozen fearsome auras suddenly appeared in his vicinity as numerous Secret Techniques came flying towards him from all directions.

Yang Kai hastily withdrew his head.

The commotion here quickly attracted Mo Na Ye’s attention and he instantly rushed out, arriving near the Territory Gate. He took a glance around before coldly asking, “What is it?”

One of the Pseudo-Royal Lords who was stationed here for a long time replied, “Yang Kai’s head just popped out.”

Yang Kai was currently in the Barren Territory with the two Giant Spirit Gods, so how could Mo Na Ye not be on guard against him? Therefore, he had arranged more than a dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords to monitor the Territory Gate after the last great battle, in case Yang Kai suddenly attacked.

According to his understanding of Yang Kai, he knew that this bastard wouldn’t just sit back and do nothing.

When Yang Kai had not recently appeared, much to his surprise, Mo Na Ye guessed that Yang Kai was probably healing himself.

“His head popped out?” Hearing the Pseudo-Royal Lord’s explanation, Mo Na Ye furrowed his brow.

“It’s like this…” the Pseudo-Royal Lord explained as he made a gesture like a turtle stretching its head.

Mo Na Ye’s face twitched as he watched the Pseudo-Royal Lord imitate Yang Kai… [Well, this could certainly be described as his head popping out.]

The Pseudo-Royal Lord continued, “I guess he wanted to investigate the situation here and had no intention of actually coming over.”

“I also don’t think he would dare to,” Mo Na Ye coldly snorted before exhorting, “Be careful, if Yang Kai dares… to pop out his head again, knock him back!”

Mo Na Ye didn’t say anything about killing Yang Kai, because that was impossible. Last time, Yang Kai had still managed to escape in that kind of situation, so how could this menace give the Black Ink Clan another chance to kill him?

“Yes!” The Pseudo-Royal Lords nodded.

Mo Na Ye clenched his fists and lightly coughed before turning around and returning to his Black Ink Nest.

He had also suffered some minor injuries in the last battle. His wounds weren’t serious, at least not to the point where he needed to enter a Black Ink Nest to recover, but he knew in his heart that as long as the battle continued, his injuries would continue to accumulate. Sooner or later, they would develop to the point where he needed to enter a deep slumber to heal, and once that happened, the Black Ink Clan would not be far from defeat.

The fact that the Black Ink Clan needed to enter Black Ink Nests to recover from serious injuries had always been the greatest flaw of their entire Race! The Human Race, who long ago figured this out, never let such opportunities slip by.

After so many years of war, the Human Race had used this flaw to stir up trouble more than once. When the Black Ink Clan invaded the 3,000 Worlds, they had a clear and absolute advantage on the 12 frontline battlefields, but they had never been able to defeat the Human Race Army. The main reason was because the Humans fought back doggedly, putting their lives on the line to trade injuries with the enemy, forcing many Black Ink Clan Masters back to their Black Ink Nests to slumber.

When the Humans were injured, they could quickly recover with the help of Secret Techniques or Pills, but what about the Black Ink Clan? Once their injuries accumulated to a certain degree, they would either be killed or forced to return to the No-Return Pass to recuperate. As such, their advantage in numbers was greatly diminished.

Hundreds of years ago, even though the Eighth-Order Masters knew that they were no match for the Pseudo-Royal Lords, they would still go all out to injure their opponents even at the risk of death. Thanks to the sacrifice of many Eighth-Order Masters, at least a quarter of all Pseudo-Royal Lords were constantly stuck in the No-Return Pass recuperating.

Inside a certain Black Ink Nest, a look of sadness appeared on Mo Na Ye’s face.

Originally, the Black Ink Clan had the upper hand, but now they had fallen to such a state. In the entire Black Ink Clan, perhaps no other Black Ink Clansman could clearly see the turning point of this battle besides him. Even Mo Yu might have no idea.

In fact, back when the Black Ink Clan was forced by Yang Kai to withdraw all their claws and fangs and retreat to the No-Return Pass, Mo Na Ye had already anticipated this day.

Prior to this, the Black Ink Clan held the initiative in terms of overall strength, so all of Mo Na Ye’s plans and arrangements were extremely reliable. It could be said that as long as there were no unexpected accidents, the Black Ink Clan had a 70% chance of winning the war.

Unfortunately for the Black Ink Clan, after the appearance of the Universe Furnace, Yang Kai, who had disappeared for some 600 years, suddenly returned and disrupted everything.

Under his domineering intimidation, Mo Na Ye had no choice but to recall all of the Pseudo-Royal Lords and Territory Lords who had been fighting on the front lines. The abandoned Black Ink Clan Armies were naturally wiped out by the Humans, causing the Black Ink Clan to suffer further heavy losses.

Even that was still fine though, but the key was that the Black Ink Clan had no place to go other than retreating to the No-Return Pass and guarding it.

As such, the Human Race was able to gather all of its forces and no longer need to split up like before. All they needed to do was focus their attacks on the No-Return Pass while not having to worry about any other fronts.

The true turning point of the war between the Human Race and Black Ink Clan was when Yang Kai, who had disappeared for hundreds of years, suddenly reappeared!

After his appearance, the Human Race and Black Ink Clan’s defensive and offensive positions had switched.

Without Yang Kai’s coercion, the Black Ink Clan wouldn’t have been reduced to such a miserable situation. If there was no Yang Kai, the Black Ink Clan would have dozens more Pseudo-Royal Lords today. If there was no Yang Kai, the Innate Territory Lords who had snuck out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction would have all been able to safely arrive at the No-Return Pass. At that time, the Black Ink Clan’s strength would have definitely soared, and the Human Race would not have been their opponent.

Unfortunately, all that was only ‘if’ Yang Kai didn’t exist. Over the years, Yang Kai had slowly shaved pieces of flesh bit by bit from the body of a fat cow that was the Black Ink Clan like a skilled butcher. Even now, the Black Ink Clan still looked powerful, but in reality, they were not far from their doom.