Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5888 - 5888, New Cultivation Method

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As shrewd and intelligent as Mo Na Ye was, how could he not see that it was impossible for the Black Ink Clan to win this battle? Sooner or later, the Human Race would overwhelm the Black Ink Clan Army and capture the No-Return Pass.

The only fate awaiting the Black Ink Clansmen in the No-Return Pass was to be completely wiped out.

Even if he knew this though, what was he supposed to do? It was impossible for him to escape; furthermore, the Human Race would have to pay a big price to capture the No-Return Pass.

The Humans still had a bigger target after taking down the No-Return Pass. If he could cripple the Human Race Army using the power of the Black Ink Clansmen in the No-Return Pass, even if the Humans won this battle, they would still lose the war.

As long as the Black Ink Clan could unify all under the Heavens and allow Mo to rule supreme, it did not matter if all the Black Ink Clansmen in the No-Return Pass were sacrificed.

The Human Race had already revealed all of their cards, but the strength the Black Ink Clan had shown until now was still just the tip of the iceberg. This war that concerned the survival of the two Races would ultimately end in the defeat of the Human Race.

Mo Na Ye firmly believed this!

At the same time, the Space-Time River stretched across the void in the Barren Territory. Wind and clouds were surging on the surface of the river as Dao Strengths undulated.

Inside the long river, Yang Kai was pushing the Time Dao Strength to its utmost limit, deriving its endless mysteries.

He had borrowed the strength of the Star Boundary and the Myriad Monsters World for the last 20 years to cultivate, which allowed his strength to soar, but he still had room for improvement. According to his own classification of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm, he was currently only in the mid-stage.

Now, there was no longer a suitable Universe World to rely on to cultivate. If he wanted to simply rely on the accumulation of time to increase his strength, even with Yang Kai’s cultivation speed and his Small Universe’s innate advantages, 2,000 years would likely be the minimum he needed to reach the peak of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

If he could reach the peak, he wouldn’t be afraid of anyone even if he was up against a Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

But under the current circumstances, what he lacked the most was time.

According to the Supreme Headquarters’ plan, they needed to conquer the No-Return Pass within 20 years before they continued their crusade to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, quelling the Black Ink Clan disaster once and for all. With Yang Kai’s current foundation, even if he cultivated this entire time, he probably wouldn’t make any noticeable progress.

Fortunately, time wasn’t something immutable, especially in front of someone like Yang Kai who was proficient in the Grand Daos of Time and Space.

The time flow of his Small Universe was 10 times faster than the outside world, so a year in the outside world was 10 years in his Small Universe.

Long ago, Yang Kai chanced upon several Temporal Rivers inside the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon which allowed him to cultivate for the equivalent of 4,000 years in just a few hundred years in the outside world, breaking through to the Eighth Order in one fell swoop. His attainments in many of his Grand Daos had also improved during that time.

With all these kinds of personal experiences, it naturally gave birth to some ideas in Yang Kai’s head. But of course, just having ideas was useless, he needed to have the ability to turn them into reality to receive any benefits.

Fortunately, with Yang Kai’s attainments in the Dao of Time, he was already equipped with this ability!

He had once built three Sealed Worlds in High Heaven Palace that were related to the three primary Grand Daos he cultivated, respectively Space, Time, and Spear Dao Sealed Worlds. Not to mention, the Space and Spear Dao Sealed Worlds, the Time Dao Sealed World had a similar effect to his Small Universe. Cultivators who entered it to gain experience would experience a faster flow of time compared to the outside world, but the ratio wasn’t as exaggerated. It was only about one to four.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Even so, the soldiers still flocked to this place, as only one year passed on the outside while one cultivated for four years in the Time Dao Sealed World. It was equivalent to increasing the efficiency of their cultivation by four times.

Therefore, among these three Sealed Worlds, the Time Dao Sealed World was the most popular because even if one wasn’t proficient in the Dao of Time, they could still use this Sealed World to cultivate, while a few who were proficient in the Dao of Time could comprehend the mysteries of the Dao of Time and improve the mastery of their own Grand Dao.

Originally, the three Sealed Worlds Yang Kai had left behind were for the disciples of the Void Dao Temple to cultivate their Grand Daos, but there were no restrictions on entry. Once too many soldiers wanted to enter the Time Dao Sealed World though, which severely affected the disciples who had truly cultivated the Dao of Time, some rules were put in place. Head Manager Hua had no choice but to report this matter to the Supreme Headquarters; after which, the Supreme Headquarters issued an order that one needed a certain amount of Military Merits to enter the Time Dao Sealed World…

Even so, that did little to dampen the enthusiasm of the soldiers.

If it weren’t for the fact that Yang Kai was always on the move and it was hard to get a hold on him, Mi Jing Lun would have asked him to build more Time Dao Sealed Worlds.

It could be said that Yang Kai had been able to create a Sealed World inside of which the flow of time different from the outside world a long time ago, and now that he had reached the Ninth Order, with his mastery over the Dao of Time had reached an even higher level, he was naturally more proficient in such matters.

In fact, when Yang Kai had escaped from the Universe Furnace and was on his way back from the edge of the Universe, he had already started working on this. Yang Kai had not just been hurrying along during his 600-year journey, he had also realized that time was not on his side. No matter how quickly his strength increased, it was unable to keep up with the progress of the war.

If he wanted to completely solve this problem, he had to find a way to gain more time!

After 600 years of painstaking research and many improvements, he had developed a certain method to do exactly that.

At this moment, the Dao Strengths in the Space-Time River stretched across the void were astir under Yang Kai’s control. Soon, Yang Kai had stripped away thousands of Dao Strengths, leaving behind only the last Dao Strength of Time.

This was not difficult for the current Yang Kai. Although his mastery of the Dao of Time had yet to break through to the highest Ninth Level, he had reached the very peak of the Eighth Level.

With this, the Space-Time River transformed into a Temporal River!

It was exactly the same as the Temporal Rivers he had seen in the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon all those years ago, but its effects were even more amazing.

Using his full strength, Yang Kai was able to create a flow of time that was 30 times faster than that of the outside world. In other words, while one year passed in the outside world, 30 would go by inside the Temporal River.

Back when he was cultivating in the Great Sea Celestial Phenomenon, Yang Kai would have to search for new Temporal Rivers after exhausting the Time Dao Essence in his previous Temporal River. But now that the Temporal River was created using his own Dao Strength, it would be much more convenient and faster than before. As long as Yang Kai was willing, he could use this Temporal River and enter a state of cultivation at any moment.

Of course, cultivating like this and continuously using his Time Dao Strength was quite taxing on him, but compared to his gains, this was a minor concern.

With the problem of time resolved, Yang Kai now had another problem, which was resources.

This kind of cultivation required an enormous amount of resources, and Yang Kai didn’t have many on hand. He had plenty of Yellow and Blue Crystals, but he lacked Five Elements materials.

As such, compared to his previous worry about the Human Race declaring war early, Yang Kai was now more than happy to see the Human Race go to war sooner.

While he was cultivating in the Temporal River, Ah Da and Ah Er were eating a dead Universe World. This Universe World had been given to them by Yang Kai after he returned from Myriad Monsters Territory.

Giant Spirit Gods fell asleep after they were full, so Yang Kai did not dare to feed them too much at once. As such, although Yang Kai still had a lot of World Beads on hand, he didn’t plan on taking them all out at once.

In the long Temporal River, a large number of materials were refined by Yang Kai as time passed by, building up the foundation of his Small Universe and allowing him to slowly expand his heritage.

After an unknown period, Yang Kai suddenly felt a shockwave and immediately ended his cultivation, exiting the Temporal River.

The shockwave was an agreement between him and the two Giant Spirit Gods. He had asked them to inform him right away if something happened at the No-Return Pass; after all, he was deep in meditative cultivation inside a distorted Space-Time, so his ability to sense outside movements was quite restricted.

At this moment, he jumped out of the river and shot a glance towards the No-Return Pass. As expected, he noticed that the situation there wasn’t quite right. A large number of Black Ink Clansmen had been mobilized to form a defensive line, as if they were preparing for a war.

“The war has finally resumed!” Yang Kai let out a sigh of relief. The supplies he had on hand had almost been exhausted, and if the Human Race did not start fighting soon, he would ultimately have to end his cultivation anyway.

At this moment, seeing the No-Return Pass’ Black Ink Clan’s response, Yang Kai knew that the Human Race Army was on the move.

However, because they were separated by a Territory Gate, he couldn’t clearly see the exact situation of the No-Return Pass, let alone what was happening further away with the Human Army.

However, he was both bold and talented. In a flash, Yang Kai arrived at the Territory Gate using Instantaneous Movement and, just like last time, popped his head out and looked into the distance.

Although he was knocked back by the Pseudo-Royal Lords who were standing guard nearby the next moment, he was still able to catch a glimpse of the Human Race Army approaching from the distant void.

Yang Kai immediately rubbed his palms together. In the battle two years ago, the Human Race had gained the upper hand and killed countless enemies. After two years, the Human Race would be able to obtain a significant advantage in the second attack as well.

Of course, the most important thing was that he was no longer the same person he was two years ago. He had only cultivated for a short time and his strength had not changed much, but…

He was no longer fighting alone, he now had many helpers!

[This battle will definitely shock the Black Ink Clan!]

Contrary to Yang Kai’s itch for action, Mo Na Ye had an extremely solemn look on his face.

The Human Race Army was approaching, and there was also Yang Kai and the two Giant Spirit Gods eyeing them from the Barren Territory.

The two Giant Spirit Gods could basically be ignored for the moment as neither side would easily deploy their strongest forces before the final confrontation began. Both sides had a tacit understanding about this.

However, Yang Kai was different. Mo Na Ye was certain that this bastard wouldn’t be willing to sit still and would definitely kill his way out of the Barren Territory and stir up trouble.

[How annoying! We need to restrain him! Once this guy steps onto the battlefield, all of the Pseudo-Royal Lords of the Black Ink Clan would be in danger…]

Thinking so, Mo Na Ye called out, “Di Ya Luo.”

Standing beside him, the new Royal Lord shot a glance at him, “What instructions does Sir Mo Na Ye have?”

“I need you to block Yang Kai, don’t let him come to the No-Return Pass!” Mo Na Ye concisely stated.

Di Ya Luo’s expression slightly changed as he hesitated, “If it was just me, I’m afraid…”

“The Pseudo-Royal Lords guarding the Territory Gate will cooperate with you,” Mo Na Ye interrupted, “Are you confident?”

Di Ya Luo was silent for a moment before quickly replying, “I will do my best!”