Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5894 - 5894, That Day Has Arrived

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The opening in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction could no longer be closed, but Wu Kuang was still able to shrink it somewhat. This way, the Black Ink Clan would face even greater restrictions if they tried to rush through the opening. Previously, there might have been some Royal Lords who could force their way out, but now that Wu Kuang’s strength had increased, and his control over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had also become better, the Royal Lords could not force their way through anymore.

Without the support of Royal Lords, the rest of the Black Ink Clansmen rushing out of the opening were just easy targets before the mighty Suppressing Black Ink Army, no matter how many there were.

The Suppressing Black Ink Army did not have that many soldiers, only a few thousand, but their overall strength was pretty amazing. It could be said that they were the elite of the elites of the Human Race.

Back when Yang Kai and Mi Jing Lun had chosen the soldiers for the Suppressing Black Ink Army, the minimum requirement was the Sixth Order. In other words, if one had not reached the Sixth Order, they would be unqualified to join the Suppressing Black Ink Army.

Furthermore, the Sixth Order wasn’t the limit of the Suppressing Black Ink Army soldiers, they still had room to grow. After so many years, most of the original Sixth-Order Masters of the Suppressing Black Ink Army had advanced to the Seventh-Order.

In the entire Suppressing Black Ink Army, there were only a few whose cultivation remained at the Sixth Order. Besides, some of these Sixth-Order soldiers had reached the peak of the Sixth-Order and could break through at any moment.

In other words, the current Suppressing Black Ink Army, with the exception of a few Sixth-Order Masters, were basically all High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters.

When the Suppressing Black Ink Army was first founded, there were only 400 Eighth-Order Masters, but now, there were nearly 1,000 of them! The extra ones were all those who had broken through their limits over the years. The Suppressing Black Ink Army had no shortage of battles, so it was not that difficult for these proud sons and daughters of Heaven to break through their shackles and advance to the next Order amidst the bloody battles.

In addition, the Suppressing Black Ink Army also had over 100 powerful Divine Spirits.

To top it all off, Divine Dragon Fu Guang and Yang Xue, who had also broken through to the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm in the Universe Furnace World, were assuming command.

Zhao Ye Bai, Zhao Ya, and Xu Yi were also expected to break through their limits and advance to the Ninth Order soon!

The three of them were Yang Kai’s Legacy Disciples. Each of them had respectively inherited one of Yang Kai’s primary Grand Daos, so everyone had high hopes for them.

In terms of age and seniority, they weren’t much different from Shi Da Zhuang, who had already broken through to the Ninth Order. Perhaps the Third Disciple, Xu Yi’s period of cultivation was shorter as he had started cultivating a little late. Be that as it may, a little bit of delay in the long years of cultivation was not a big deal.

Shi Da Zhuang had already advanced to the Ninth Order, and Tang Tao amongst the rising stars had also achieved the same, so naturally, Zhao Ye Bai and the two others would soon be reaching the Ninth Order as well.

After thousands of years of accumulation, the Human Race would definitely be able to give birth to more Ninth-Order Masters in the near future.

With such a lineup, the Suppressing Black Ink Army could be said to be the most elite group among the Human Race’s forces. They might not have that many members, but they had ample capital to guard the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

However, since the battle 700 years ago, when the Universe Furnace appeared, there had been no movements from the other side of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

For the past 700 years, the Suppressing Black Ink Army soldiers had been doing nothing but cultivating in turns. Fortunately, when the Suppressing Black Ink Army first arrived here, they had brought a lot of supplies with them. Although most of their supplies had depleted over the years, they still had a bit left to use.

On the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, the silver-haired Fu Guang looked towards the opening in the darkness and sent a message via his Divine Sense, “Wu Kuang, how is the situation?”

It wasn’t that he had discovered anything unusual, it was just a routine inquiry done once a month. Judging by this, it was obvious that Fu Guang was an extremely cautious person.

As usual, Wu Kuang’s lazy voice echoed in Fu Guang’s mind, “Some small fish are spying on the opening, but they probably don’t dare to rush out.”

He had already closed the opening to its utmost limit, so if a Royal Lord tried to force his way through, there was a high chance he would die along the way. Even if he didn’t die, he would definitely be severely injured.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

In light of this, no Royal Lord was stupid enough to attempt to force their way out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

And without a Royal Lord to keep Fu Guang in check, how could the Black Ink Clansmen inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction dare to challenge the Suppressing Black Ink Army? Although they had been sealed inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, they were not completely ignorant of the outside world. After having fought with the Suppressing Black Ink Army for so many years, they were well aware of their enemy’s strength.

“Stay alert!” Fu Guang exhorted as usual.

Wu Kuang replied, “I know, you all just… Huh?”

Halfway through his words, he suddenly let out a startled cry.

Fu Guang’s expression became serious as he shouted, “What’s wrong?”

However, he didn’t receive any response from Wu Kuang even after waiting for a while. This had never happened before. Fu Guang’s heart immediately jumped to his throat as a great sense of crisis suddenly enveloped him, prompting him to quickly check upon the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

The entire Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was like an enormous beast lying in the void, covering a truly vast area. It was basically impossible to see its end at one glance.

This dark area was completely imbued with Black Ink Strength. If it wasn’t for the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, it was very difficult to imagine just how far this endless darkness would have spread.

Fu Guang could not see any change to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, but his sense of unease grew stronger and stronger.

He knew that something must have happened; otherwise, it was impossible for Wu Kuang to not give any response.

Without hesitation, he shouted, “Prepare for battle!”

The next moment, the entire Suppressing Black Ink Army, whether they were cultivating or on guard duty, began to move. Spirit Arrays lit up one after another and the soldiers took position before the artifacts. In just 10 breaths, the thousands of Suppressing Black Ink Army Soldiers were ready for battle.

A storm was brewing!

Yang Xue flashed over to Fu Guang’s side and asked with a solemn look on her face, “Senior, what happened?”

Fu Guang slowly shook his head in response, “I don’t know!”

Yang Xue’s expression only became even more solemn upon hearing that. Since even Fu Guang had no idea what was going on, it was clear that the situation was already beyond their control.

“Where is Senior Wu Kuang?” She asked again.

“He is not responding.”

Yang Xue knew that things weren’t looking good. Wu Kuang was in charge of overseeing the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, but he was not responding. Could it be that the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had stopped functioning? If so, it would be a disaster for the Human Race.

Just as she was thinking of heading to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to investigate, Wu Kuang’s voice came from the other side, sounding anxious and horrified.

“It’s awake! Be careful!”

These sentences instantly made Fu Guang and Yang Xue’s scalps go numb. They both knew what Wu Kuang was referring to.

Mo, a Supreme Master from the Primordial Era, was the Source of the Black Ink Clan. It was the darkness born alongside the Primordial Light. It was basically immortal and indestructible.

The Suppressing Black Ink Army had always been on guard against it.

In the past, Cang had forced Mo into a deep slumber at the last moment using the trump card left behind by Mu, but no one knew how long this method would last. The only thing they could foresee was that this method would become ineffective sooner or later. Once that day came, Mo would completely awaken.

A Supreme Master of the Primordial Era like Mo, who was likely to be in the Creation Realm, was not someone the mere Suppressing Black Ink Army could stop. Even if the Human Race gathered all its strength, they might not be able to stop it.

Once Mo woke up, no one could guarantee that the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction would continue to suppress it.

By the looks of it, Mo’s awakening had a great impact on the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction; otherwise, they would not have lost contact with Wu Kuang for a short time. He must have been struggling with Mo for control of the Grand Restriction.

In addition, the moment Wu Kuang issued the warning, the boundless darkness that had remained dormant in the void for 700 years suddenly started expanding, as if it had a life of its own.

It looked as if a black balloon was being fiercely inflated.

“Retreat!” Fu Guang shouted as horror filled his eyes.

At the same time, he and Yang Xue joined forces to power the Core of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, intending to drive this enormous artifact backwards.

Unfortunately, the darkness was expanding at a horrible rate, and was already at the border of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress before it could even start moving.

A mighty Dragon Pressure broke out from Fu Guang as he promptly activated a Dragon Clan Innate Divine Ability. Time Principles started wildly surging around him, turning into Dragon patterns that swam through the void as if they wanted to freeze time.

Yang Xue took action at the same time. She too cultivated the Dao of Time, so when she cooperated with Fu Guang, they complemented each other perfectly.

Be that as it may, it was to no avail. They could only manage to block the darkness from advancing for a moment before the entire Suppressing Black Ink Fortress was swallowed by it. Everyone in the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, including Fu Guang and Yang Xue, felt their vision go dark, and soon after lost their sense of direction.

Looking from a distance, the darkness was still expanding, very fast, but then, complex patterns appeared on the edges of the darkness, glimmering and expanding before quickly forming a seal.

Naturally, this was the power of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, a mechanism jointly set up by 10 Martial Ancestors of the Early Ancient Era. It was through this mechanism that they had been able to suppress Mo for countless years.

The pattern started to shrink back, but it was unable to completely suppress the surging darkness. Gradually, a stalemate was formed between them.

After an unknown period, the stalemate gradually stabilized, and so did the darkness that was seething like the ocean after a tsunami; it became completely calm.

In comparison, the area enveloped in the boundless darkness was undoubtedly bigger than before, but under the seal of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, the boundless darkness was unable to expand further.

When everything was settled, Wu Kuang’s angry and distraught voice suddenly reverberated across the void, “You dare try to trick me! I’ll kill you sooner or later!”

From Wu Kuang’s perspective, he had indeed been tricked. He had been controlling the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction for so many years that, with his rise in cultivation, his control of the Grand Restriction also increased. Although he still wasn’t as strong as Cang’s, it was already pretty good.

He was also constantly monitoring Mo’s condition.

Up until today, he was certain that Mo was still asleep.

By the looks of it though, he had been tricked by Mo. Apparently, Mo’s condition had changed at some point, but it had been accumulating its strength. Today, it suddenly attacked, catching Wu Kuang off guard.

And at that point, he discovered Mo’s condition.

When he realized that he had been tricked, he thought that Mo had woken up, so he warned Fu Guang.

But all the current signs clearly indicated that Mo had not woken up, at least not completely.

If Mo was in a deep slumber in the past, then at this moment, it was in a half-awake state. Just now, when it tried to seize control of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction from Wu Kuang, it was only an instinctive reaction.