Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5895 - 5895, The Change in the Grand Restriction

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

It was only an instinctive reaction while it was just half-awake, but it had nearly caused Wu Kuang to lose control of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. From this, it could be seen that if Mo really woke up, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction would no longer be able to contain it.

Once the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was broken, the boundless darkness would start spreading without restraint. At that time, the vast Black Ink Battlefield would be flooded by the boundless darkness, perhaps even the 3,000 Worlds would be engulfed as well.

Although the boundless darkness was no longer showing any signs of abnormality after being sealed by the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, after today’s incident, no one knew when something similar would happen again.

This incident undoubtedly indicated that Mo was not far from completely awakening.

Inside the Grand Restriction, Wu Kuang’s heart was gripped with fear and worry. He had to inform Yang Kai as soon as possible about this so that the Human Race could take precautions; otherwise, it would be too late by the time Mo was awake.

However, he was powerless to do so.

The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was extremely far away from the 3,000 Worlds, so there were no effective means to communicate with each other. In the past, Yang Kai used to come here using some kind of mysterious method, but after the previous incident where a flaw had appeared in the Grand Restriction, there had been no news from him. It had already been nearly 1,000 years since then…

From what Yang Xue had told him, Wu Kuang knew that Yang Kai had broken through his shackles in the Universe Furnace and successfully reached the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm.

Be that as it may, that was of no help to the current situation.

Before Wu Kuang could come up with a solution, figures were already charging out the opening in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

The auras radiating from these figures were extremely powerful. Surprisingly, all of them were Innate Territory Lords!

Seeing this, Wu Kuang’s heart sank.

In the past, Wu Kuang had worked in concert with the Suppressing Black Ink Army to block the Black Ink Clan from escaping the Grand Restriction. Even Royal Lords found it hard to force their way out of the opening. For the past 700 years, the Black Ink Clan had not dared to not make any rash movements with only a few small fries constantly monitoring the opening.

But now that the Suppressing Black Ink Army had been swallowed by the boundless darkness, the threat on the outside of the opening had disappeared. Even if Wu Kuang could still maintain his control over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, he couldn’t stop the Black Ink Clan from rushing out.

Not to mention, because of the Suppressing Black Ink Army, he was unable to put his entire focus on controlling the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. He had to divert some of his attention to look after the Suppressing Black Ink Army.

Having been swallowed into the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction by the darkness, it was tantamount to falling into the Black Ink Clan’s lair. Even if the Suppressing Black Ink Army had countless elites, without Wu Kuang’s protection, only death was waiting for them. With his protection, they could at least survive for a little while.

The only silver lining was that Wu Kuang’s strength had greatly increased over the past few millennia and he was close to the peak of the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm. Thanks to this, his control over the opening was stronger than ever. He was still able to prevent Royal Lords from making it through the opening, so the strongest Black Ink Clansmen who could make it out were just the Innate Territory Lords.

As time passed, more and more Black Ink Clansmen of varying strength rushed out of the opening, their faces filled with excitement and joy, like they were prisoners who had finally gained freedom after countless years of imprisonment.

A portion of the Black Ink Clansmen remained near the opening, while the rest quickly flew deeper into the void under the leadership of the Innate Territory Lords.

When Wu Kuang witnessed this, his gloomy mood suddenly lifted.

He had been having a headache over how to send a warning to the Human Race, but he had been unable to come up with a viable plan. But apparently, he didn’t need to deliver any news.

The Black Ink Clansmen who had left this place must have gone to support their allies who were fighting the Humans. Such a huge amount of reinforcements joining the battlefield would definitely draw the Human Race’s attention, especially the appearance of so many Innate Territory Lords. And as long as the Human Race’s reaction wasn’t too slow, they should be able to quickly identify the root of the problem. At that time, the Human Race would definitely know that something had happened to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

This was the case when the Innate Territory Lords snuck out from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction last time. At that time, Wu Kuang’s control over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was not nearly as firm and he did not even have an inkling about it before Yang Kai came to inform him about it.

Thus, when he saw a group of Black Ink Clansmen heading deeper into the void, Wu Kuang knew that in at most 20 or 30 years, the Human Race would know that something had happened to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. At that time, not to mention others, Yang Kai would definitely come here to investigate.

Nonetheless, Wu Kuang couldn’t help but feel worried. Whether the Human Race came to know about the mishappening of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction sooner or later, it was not going to help him in his current situation in the slightest. Right now, there were two important tasks ahead of him. Firstly, he had to do his best to ensure the safety of the Suppressing Black Ink Army, allowing them to hold on for as long as possible.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Secondly… protecting himself!

The Black Ink Clansmen who stayed behind did not remain idle. These Black Ink Clansmen took out unhatched Black Ink Nests one after another, before Innate Territory Lord took position in front of every Black Ink Nest. Afterwards, these Innate Territory Lords put their hands over the unhatched Black Ink Nests and started infusing their strength into them, allowing them to rapidly grow bigger.

Not counting the years he had spent guarding the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, Wu Kuang hadn’t had many dealings with the Black Ink Clan. The first time he had fought with the Black Ink Clan was after the Human Race retreated to the Barren Territory. As a Human, he had participated in the war against the Black Ink Clan. It was during that battle that he had made a name for himself relying on the treacherous and powerful Heaven Devouring Battle Law, drawing the attention of many Ninth-Order Old Ancestors.

Later, when the Black Ink Clan invaded the 3,000 Worlds, the Human Race had completely shrunk their defensive line, defending just a dozen or so Great Territory Battlefields. Wu Kuang for the most part had acted alone as a Hunter, roaming the 3,000 Worlds to kill Black Ink Clansmen, getting into numerous fierce battles along the way.

He might not have much contact with situations like the one before him, but he knew that if the Black Ink Clan wanted to hatch Black Ink Nests this way, they would need to consume a lot of resources.

Except, what resources could the Black Ink Clan find outside of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction? This vast void didn’t even have ambient Starlight Energy, it was truly a Spiritless Land.

If the Black Ink Clan wanted to extract resources, they would have to venture in the direction of the Black Ink Battlefield, which would take a year or two at best…

But apparently, the Black Ink Clan’s incubation of Black Ink Nests did not require them to consume resources at all; it could also be done using the energy of the Innate Territory Lords themselves. Innate Territory Lords were directly born from Mo and contained a trace of Mo’s Source Strength. On the other hand, the Black Ink Nests similarly manifested from Mo’s Source Strength. It could even be said that both Innate Territory lords and Black Ink Nests shared the same Source. So, devouring the Innate Territory Lords’ energy could also hatch the Black Ink Nests.

After a short time, the aura of every Innate Territory Lord standing in front of the Black Ink Nests became weak to the point that they were trembling. All of their energy had been absorbed by the Black Ink Nests.

Every single one of these powerful Innate Territory Lords died on the spot after all of their energy had been absorbed. Immediately after, a second round of Innate Territory Lords stepped in…

[This is not good…] Wu Kuang thought to himself. How could he not understand the intentions of these Black Ink Clansmen who had remained behind?

Over the years, he had learned a lot about the Black Ink Clan from the soldiers of the Suppressing Black Ink Army, including how the Black Ink Clan created Pseudo-Royal Lords…

Wu Kuang wasn’t afraid of mere Innate Territory Lords, regardless of how many of them there were. Although the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was a Sealing Array, it also had some defensive and counter attacking capabilities. If not, when Cang was stationed here all those years ago, the Black Ink Clan from the Black Ink Battlefield would have already retreated to attack the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction first.

In that era, the Human Race and Black Ink Clan were fighting each other in over 100 Theatres. Each side had over 100 Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Masters and Royal Lords respectively.

The Black Ink Clan’s overall strength during that time was extremely fearsome, but the reason they chose to fight with the Human Race, instead of withdrawing and attacking the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was because doing so was futile. They would only be wasting their time and energy if they tried.

During the era when Cang was overseeing the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, the Black Ink Clan would have had to gather several hundred Royal Lords if they wanted to breach the Grand Restriction from the outside.

During that time, the Black Ink Clan clearly didn’t have such capital as they were always entangled with the Human Race. The two races had been irreconcilable enemies since ancient times and could not coexist, but it was not just about mutual blood hatred. Each race was a deadly threat to the other. Only by completely destroying the Human Race would the Black Ink Clan have a stable space to develop and produce more Royal Lords, which in turn would provide them the capital to threaten the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. As for the Humans, the Black Ink Clan literally fed upon them and the worlds they were born from, so there could be no compromise.

When Wu Kuang took over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction after Cang’s demise, the overall strength of the Black Ink Clan had drastically fallen. They simply did not have any capital to attack the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Until now!

No matter how many Innate Territory Lords attacked the Grand Restrictions, Wu Kuang would not care. Although the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had been in disrepair for many years, this was the essence of the 10 Martial Ancestors’ wisdom and strength, it was not so easy to breach.

But if these Innate Territory Lords became Pseudo-Royal Lords…

That would be another matter. The Black Ink Clan did not need too many Pseudo-Royal Lords either, just 500 Pseudo-Royal Lords working together would be able to pose a threat to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Once the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was breached from the outside, the situation would become extremely dire.

So, when he witnessed the actions of these Black Ink Clansmen, Wu Kuang knew that things had taken a turn for the worst.

Nonetheless, he was in an absolutely passive position at the moment. Even if he could see through the intentions of the Black Ink Clan, it was difficult for him to do anything about it. All he could do was wait and watch.

As time passed, and one Innate Territory Lord after another sacrificed themselves, the Black Ink Nests grew bigger and bigger at an astonishing speed. Just as Wu Kuang had expected, these Black Ink Nests were all High-Rank Black Ink Nests!

In just a few days, almost 300 fully matured High-Rank Black Ink Nest stood tall outside of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

During this time, Black Ink Clansmen kept pouring out from the opening in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction in a steady stream. Although the number of Black Ink Clansmen coming out each time wasn’t great, adding them all up made for a terrifying number.

These newly emerged Black Ink Clansmen also split into groups like before. Most of them flew towards the depths of the void, heading towards the 3,000 Worlds, while the rest stayed behind to prepare to attack the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, Wu Kuang let out a sigh of relief after confirming the number of High-Rank Black Ink Nests.

This number was still within the limits of what he could bear, but he did not underestimate the situation; after all, he still had to divert a portion of his attention to watch over the Suppressing Black Ink Army, which would make it difficult for him to respond to the attacks from outside of the Grand Restriction.

In the face of adversity, having good news like this was not too bad.

As a large number of Black Ink Clansmen had rushed out from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, things had become less dangerous for the Suppressing Black Ink Army. Now, as long as he was paying close attention to the movements of the Royal Lords, Wu Kuang could basically ensure the safety of the Suppressing Black Ink Army.

Meanwhile, outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, after the High-Rank Black Ink Nests had been erected, the Innate Territory Lords who had rushed out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction began entering them one after another, willingly walking to their deaths with a smile.