Chapter 5899, Something Went Wrong

Translator: Silavin & Ashish Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

From the moment the Human Race Army first launched an attack on the No-Return Pass, they basically had maintained the frequency of battles at every two years.

In the first two battles, the Human Race managed to score huge wins and kill a large number of Black Ink Clansmen thanks to the Universe World bombardment strategy and the Small Stone Race Army. In each battle, they had managed to kill between 20 to 30 Pseudo-Royal Lords.

Although the Human Race had also lost many Eighth-Order Masters in the process, it was well worth it.

If the Human Race could replicate this kind of situation, they were confident in taking down the No-Return Pass within a decade.

However, how could everything go smoothly in such a large-scale war which involves millions of lives?

In the third battle, the Black Ink Clan completely changed their strategy, shrinking their defence line to its utmost limit and assuming a completely defensive posture. They were like a tortoise with its head and limbs tucked into its shell. In this kind of situation, it was difficult for the Human Race to achieve anything even with a wide range of tactics.

The situation remained the same for the fourth and fifth battles in the ensuing years.

The Human Race Army even deliberately showed openings at certain places on the battlefield, trying to lure the Black Ink Clan Army into attacking. Nonetheless, the Black Ink Clan remained as steady as a rock in the face of such temptation, completely unmoved by this seemingly easy victory.

Although the Human Race could forcefully storm the defence line, that would undoubtedly result in massive casualties.

The Human Race was left with no other choice. Since the Black Ink Clan had opted for a defensive strategy, they could only slowly wear down the enemy forces.

The only silver lining in this was that the Human Race had complete control of the situation in this kind of battle, allowing them to reduce their losses to an extremely low level.

Of course, aside from the faint uneasiness in his heart, Yang Kai was more than happy to see this kind of situation.

He would have more time to cultivate and grow stronger the longer the battle dragged on. He had his own Temporal River inside which the flow of time was 30 times faster than the outside world. He would cultivate inside the Temporal River after every battle, giving him a full 60 years to cultivate after each fight, allowing him to refine massive amounts of resources which helped constantly grow his strength.

In the tenth year of the Human Race Army’s campaign against the No-Return Pass, after the sixth battle ended, Yang Kai was refining and cultivating in his Temporal River which stretched across the void just like before. But suddenly, a tremor came from outside, waking Yang Kai up.

This was the signal he had agreed upon with Giant Spirit God Ah Er. As he was completely absorbed in cultivation inside the Temporal River, Yang Kai knew nothing about the outside world and had to be informed by Ah Er. Every time the Human Race launched an attack on the No-Return Pass, Ah Er had used this method to awaken him.

Feeling this familiar signal, Yang Kai quickly ended his cultivation and rushed out from the river.

Seeing him emerge, the nearby Ah Er pointed towards the Territory Gate. As Yang Kai turned his head and gazed through the Territory Gate, he noticed faint traces of a battle on the other side.

He had seen this scene many times already. Every time the Human Race launched an attack, he would enter the No-Return Pass from the Barren Territory and single-handedly restrain many Masters from the Black Ink Clan.

Except, a frown had appeared on his brow this time, because it was not yet time to attack!

Although he was absorbed in cultivation inside the Temporal River, he could still feel the passage of time. In the past, he had been able to cultivate for roughly 60 years before the Human Race launched another assault. However, only 10 years had passed inside the River of Time this time.

In other words, it had only been four months since the last battle. This had never happened before.

Yang Kai’s expression couldn’t help but become grave as he realized that something unforeseen had occurred; otherwise, the Human Race wouldn’t have rashly changed their strategy.

In a flash, he rushed towards the Territory Gate, but he didn’t forget to turn around and warn Ah Er before disappearing, “Keep an eye on those two. If they dare to leave, you must promptly come over!”

Ah Er repeatedly nodded, agreeing in a resonant voice, “En!”

Ah Da also chimed in, but Yang Kai believed that he didn’t really understand it…

Just like the past few times, the moment Yang Kai stepped out of the Territory Gate, a dozen or so powerful auras locked on to him. With Di Ya Luo in the lead, a dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords gathered around him, standing in combat readiness.

Yang Kai had to fight with these guys in every battle, but because he had always been hiding his strength, he had never been able to do anything to them. Nonetheless, he had still managed to kill a few Pseudo-Royal Lords after so many battles of wits and courage, so it wasn’t a complete loss.

Their main goal was to restrain Yang Kai to deprive him of the opportunity to launch a sneak attack on the other Pseudo-Royal Lords; furthermore, they were also afraid of Yang Kai’s method of sacrificing Small Stone Race Soldiers, so they rarely had any direct confrontation with him. Most of the time, they would only use their auras to interfere, attacking him from a distance.

However, things were different this time around. The moment Yang Kai appeared, Di Ya Luo shouted, “Attack!”

Unexpectedly, they were the first to charge at Yang Kai. Although the dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords were clearly afraid of Yang Kai, they still braced themselves and followed after Di Ya Luo.

The reason for this change was because of the Human Race Army’s strange movements.

For the past 10 years, the Humans had launched a battle every two years, with no exceptions. But this time, the Human Race Army had actually launched an attack on the No-Return Pass just four months after the last battle.

Obviously, something had gone wrong.

There must be a reason for this deviation! Mo Na Ye, who commanded and deployed the Black Ink Clan Army, might not be able to figure out what the Human Race was up to, but it didn’t stop him from changing his strategy.

While keeping their original defensive strategy unchanged, he ordered Di Ya Luo and his Squad to try their best to stop Yang Kai from meeting up with the Human Race’s higher-ups.

This was quite a difficult task, and if possible, Di Ya Luo would’ve declined this mission. In the past, all they had to do was restrain Yang Kai. So long as they were careful enough, they wouldn’t be in too much danger. But this time, they would have to face him head-on if they wanted to prevent Yang Kai from meeting with the Human Race’s upper echelons.

This was not only a difficult task, but also a very dangerous one. Di Ya Luo still vividly remembered his first encounter with Yang Kai, and how he was severely injured by the latter.

Nonetheless, this mission had to be carried out by him. Mo Yu was entangled by Wei Jun Yang and was unable to escape. Mo Na Ye was responsible for coordinating the Army and couldn’t easily take action. Only he, the most inexperienced Royal Lord, could and had to face the killing star.

Fortunately, Mo Na Ye had also assured that if the situation became critical, he would come to assist him at a moment’s notice!

A battle instantly broke out, the aftershocks spreading in all directions. Fortunately, there were still Pseudo-Royal Lords guarding the No-Return Pass; otherwise, a large number of Black Ink Nests would have been destroyed.

Having fought with Yang Kai many times already, Di Ya Luo was well aware of his opponent’s strength. This killing star was far stronger than any other Ninth-Order Master, and even with so many Pseudo-Royal Lords working together, this battle was still extremely difficult.

When Yang Kai summoned the Small Stone Race Army and activated Purifying Light, Di Ya Luo and the Pseudo-Royal Lords who had been on guard promptly scattered and fled.

A glaring light flashed and enveloped the entire sky, but by the time it faded away, Yang Kai’s figure had already disappeared.

Seeing this, Di Ya Luo, who was still very much on guard, let out a sigh of relief.

He and the other Pseudo-Royal Lords had already tried their best, but they still couldn’t stop Yang Kai, and it was definitely not because they were slacking on their duties.

According to their past experiences, Yang Kai should have appeared at Pure Yang Pass by now.

On the walls of Pure Yang Pass, Mi Jing Lun, who was quietly waiting, suddenly noticed something nearby and immediately sent out a Divine Sense transmission, “Don’t show yourself, just listen to me.”

Yang Kai, who had snuck in here with the help of the Thunder Shadow’s Innate Divine Ability, immediately stopped in place and sent a Divine Sense message back, “I’m here.”

Confirming that Yang Kai had arrived nearby, Mi Jing Lun finally let out a sigh of relief. After a moment of deliberation, he continued, “Our previous worries have been confirmed.”

Yang Kai’s expression suddenly became grave and solemn, “The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction?”

Mi Jing Lun stared at the battlefield and imperceptibly nodded, “En, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction!”

When the Black Ink Clan suddenly changed their strategy and completely focused on defense during the third battle, their actions had left Yang Kai and Mi Jing Lun a little baffled, but it also caused them to become vigilant.

In the following conversation, the two of them both agreed that someone as smart as Mo Na Ye was well aware that the Black Ink Clan would not be able to defend the No-Return Pass, and would definitely not employ such a stupid strategy. Doing so would only delay the inevitable and would not affect the final outcome of the war. In fact, it would even allow the Human Race to win at a smaller price.

Only if the Black Ink Clan was waiting for reinforcements would such actions make sense.

In this vast Universe, if the Black Ink Clan really had reinforcements, they would definitely come from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Unfortunately, no one had any inkling on the situation at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. The only thing the Human Race could do was wait for the Void Guard, who were laying Space Arrays along the way, to reach the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and investigate the situation.

According to the schedule though, the Void Guard should have yet not reached the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. At best, they should be about 75% of the way there, so it should have been impossible for them to obtain any news.

“A message came from the Void Guard. They discovered a large number of Black Ink Clansmen rushing towards the No-Return Pass from the direction of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction,” Mi Jing Lun said, “They should have all escaped from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Furthermore, their overall strength is very high.”

Hearing this, Yang Kai’s expression suddenly became serious.

There really was something wrong with the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction! Otherwise, it would have been impossible for Black Ink Clansmen to escape in such large numbers.

[Did Mo wake up? What about Wu Kuang? What about the Suppressing Black Ink Army?]

Yang Kai’s emotions were suddenly in turmoil.

Yang Kai had been considering when Mo would wake up for a long time, but he couldn’t be certain of such a thing, nor had he gained anything from probing Mo Na Ye. Perhaps Mo Na Ye himself didn’t know anymore than he did.

Right now, Yang Kai could not rely on the World Tree, so even if he wanted to go to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to assess the situation, he couldn’t.

His previous worries had come true, and the favourable situation of the Human Race had suddenly become uncertain.

Suppressing his chaotic thoughts, Yang Kai stated, “The problem with the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction should have occurred five or six years ago.”