Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5901: Not That Bad

The Black Ink Clan’s method of classification was different from that of the Human Race. The Human Race had distinct names for each cultivation Realm, and although the Black Ink Clan’s classification was also based on strength, the divisions below the Feudal Lords were quite rough and broad.

For instance, the Low-Rank Black Ink Clansmen included all the Black Ink Clansmen who were equivalent to Open Heaven Realm Humans at or below the Third-Order. High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen corresponded to Humans from the Fourth Order to the Sixth-Order. Only when they became Feudal Lords would they be differentiated separately, which corresponded to the Human’s Seventh-Order Open Heaven Realm. Territory Lords were equivalent to the Eighth-Order, and Royal Lords to the Ninth Order.

As Black Ink Clansmen below the Low-Rank, they were all just lumped together as Black Ink Serfs! Generally speaking, such Black Ink Clansmen were just born recently from Black Ink Nests and had not had much time for growth. In every battle between the Human Race and Black Ink Clan, these Serfs were basically just sent out to die. They were the Black Ink Clan’s cannon fodder, and their deaths would consume the strength of the Human Race while spreading Black Ink Strength to create an advantageous environment for the main Black Ink Clan Army.

Li Wu Yi had no idea how strong the Black Ink Clan Army of 10 million that had rushed over from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was; after all, he couldn’t get too close to investigate, but from the information he had gathered, the overall strength of this Black Ink Clan Army was probably the strongest that the Human Race had ever seen, because he could clearly feel terrifying auras coming from within this Army, even from such a huge distance.

This was undoubtedly the auras of the Pseudo-Royal Lords!

“Is there a Royal Lord?” Yang Kai asked via Divine Sense.

Li Wu Yi shook his head, “I’m not sure.”

Because the Pseudo-Royal Lords couldn’t control their own strength, they couldn’t restrain their auras. Royal Lords, on the other hand, could do precisely that. So, even if there were Royal Lords in the midst of this Army, Li Wu Yi wouldn’t be able to detect them.

After pondering for a moment, Yang Kai suggested, “You stay here, I’ll go take a look.”

Li Wu Yi immediately nodded, “Be careful.”

He was well aware of Yang Kai’s capabilities, so there was nothing to worry about. In addition, with the help of Thunder Shadow’s Innate Divine Ability, it could be said that no one was more suited for scouting than Yang Kai.

The next moment, Yang Kai activated Thunder Shadow’s Innate Divine Ability, concealing his figure and aura as he flew towards the rapidly advancing Black Ink Army.

Even from afar, this surging Black Ink Army was extremely vast, and after approaching it, one could further feel its oppressiveness.

A moment later, Yang Kai arrived near the Black Ink Clan Army, closing to a distance of just 1 million kilometres away. This was quite close, but also had a decent safety margin.

Before confirming whether there was a Royal Lord present in this Black Ink Clan Army or not, this was already the limit. If Yang Kai moved any closer, even with the support of Thunder Shadow’s Innate Divine Ability, he might arouse the Black Ink Clan’s suspicion.

The billowing Black Ink Tide rapidly flowed across Yang Kai’s field of vision, and upon closely investigating, Yang Kai was secretly shocked.

From a distance, Yang Kai only knew that there were many Pseudo-Royal Lords in this Army, but it was difficult to estimate exactly how many there were. However, Yang Kai could clearly feel them at such a close distance.

There were almost 300 Pseudo-Royal Lords!

An Army of 10 million with 300 Pseudo-Royal Lords, such a lineup was comparable to the entire Black Ink Clan in the 3,000 Worlds when it was at its peak!

Not only were there Pseudo-Royal Lords, but there were also quite a lot of Innate Territory Lords and even ordinary Territory Lords, as well as an astonishing number of Feudal Lords.

Yang Kai didn’t find a single Low-Rank Black Ink Clansman. Even the weakest soldiers here were High-Rank Black Ink Clansmen!

This discovery made his heart a little heavy.

The Black Ink Clan Army in front of them could only be described as an elite force, the most powerful Army the Human Race had ever encountered.

Even the Black Ink Clan Army currently defending the No-Return Pass was inferior to this Army.

[Are there any true Royal Lords?] Yang Kai continued to observe. The reason he had personally come here to investigate was to find out about this matter as it was of utmost importance to the future of the Human Race!

Although the auras radiating from the Pseudo-Royal Lords were almost the same as those of the real Royal Lords, if one observed carefully enough, they would still be able to distinguish the two.

The auras of the Pseudo-Royal Lords and the Royal Lords were almost the same in terms of the strength, but the Pseudo-Royal Lord’s auras fluctuated quite a lot, unlike true Royal Lords.

Someone like Yang Kai, who often dealt with Royal Lords and Pseudo-Royal Lords, could tell the difference at a glance.

Maintaining a distance of 1 million kilometres, Yang Kai kept pace with the huge Black Ink Clan Army while constantly observing.

It took about half a day for Yang Kai to finally conclude his observation. 

He did not find any trace of a true Royal Lord.

Still not at ease, Yang Kai closed the distance between himself and the Black Ink Clan Army and deliberately released a trace of his aura, ensuring that even if a Royal Lord noticed it, he could immediately conceal himself again.

After a while, Yang Kai finally relaxed.

He could conclude that there were no Royal Lords in this Black Ink Clan Army, allowing him to breathe a long sigh of relief.

From the looks of it, the situation was not as bad as he had thought. The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had not completely collapsed.

If the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had been completely broken, the Black Ink Clan would not be sending Pseudo-Royal Lords, but true Royal Lords!

The fact that there wasn’t a single true Royal Lord amongst the Black Ink Clan Army of 10 million here was incontrovertible proof of this

Be that as it may, it was an undeniable fact that there must be something wrong with the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, something similar to when the Innate Territory Lords had escaped last time but on a much bigger scale…

Looking at the massive Black Ink Cloud passing by, Yang Kai suppressed the murderous intent in his heart and quietly withdrew.

Although he could launch an attack right now and catch this Black Ink Clan Army off guard, he was still just one man. Even if the nearby Li Wu Yi and the others of the Void Guard came to support him, they would not be able to do much damage to this force.

Furthermore, once Yang Kai made a move here, word would definitely spread to the No-Return Pass. At that time, the Human Race would lose the intelligence advantage of having discovered the Black Ink Clan reinforcements.

The Black Ink Clan reinforcements would take at least 10 years to reach the No-Return Pass, so there was no need to disturb them yet.

Returning to Li Wu Yi’s side, Yang Kai ordered, “Setting up the Space Array is temporarily postponed. The Void Guard’s new mission is to monitor the movements of these Black Ink Clan reinforcements.”

“Yes!” Li Wu Yi replied solemnly.

“Also, leave a few people here to continue monitoring this place.”

Li Wu Yi quickly understood Yang Kai’s worries, “Are you worried that there are other Black Ink Clan reinforcements on their way?”

Right now, the Human Race had only discovered one batch of Black Ink Clan reinforcements, but no one could guarantee that there wouldn’t be more. Leaving behind some people here to monitor was a necessity to not be caught off-guard.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Yang Kai agreed with a nod, “That’s right, other than that… I need you to go to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and investigate the situation there.”

If possible, Yang Kai wanted to personally investigate the situation, but even though the Void Guard had already travelled about 75% of the way there, they were still quite far from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Even with Yang Kai’s top speed, a round trip would probably require several months.

The battle in the No-Return Pass was still ongoing. Mi Jing Lun could still cover his disappearance if it was limited to a few days, so he had some time to return yet, but a few months would be too long. It was hard to say if Mo Na Ye wouldn’t be able to guess some things if that much time elapsed with no sign of Yang Kai showing up.

If it was just a few days, even someone as smart and shrewd as Mo Na Ye might not be able to imagine that Yang Kai had run to this position and met the Black Ink Clan reinforcements.

After all, the existence of the Void Guard was a secret to the Black Ink Clan.

“Understood,” Li Wu Yi nodded.

“Be extremely careful on the way there,” Yang Kai exhorted.

Li Wu Yi lightly chuckled, “Although your current cultivation is higher than mine, I’ve lived longer than you. Don’t underestimate me.”

Yang Kai was speechless, “I don’t mean that.”

“I know,” Li Wu Yi casually smiled, “Then I’ll take my leave first.”

Saying so, he activated his own Instantaneous Movement Technique and disappeared.

After Li Wu Yi left, Yang Kai gave a few more instructions to the remaining Void Guard before returning to the nearest Universe Temple.

The Void Guard there promptly came to greet him, after which Yang Kai informed them of their new mission which they all accepted in unison.

After everything was settled, Yang Kai used the Space Array to teleport back to the No-Return Pass.

The battle was still raging at the No-Return Pass as Mo Na Ye was paying close attention to every subtle change in the battlefield as lingering doubts built up in his heart.

The Human Race had launched an attack on the No-Return Pass just four months after their previous assault, which had broken their established pattern greatly. He was unable to figure out what the Human Race was up to, but judging by the current situation, everything was proceeding normally.

The Human Race was attacking the No-Return Pass as usual, and the Black Ink Clan was defending as usual, just like the previous several battles. However, Mo Na Ye always had a nagging feeling that a layer of fog was clouding his vision, and behind this fog was a truth he couldn’t figure out. Nonetheless, no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn’t dispel this fog.

The reason behind this was the lack of information. The Human Race had already sighted the Black Ink Clan reinforcements and the Void Guard were now closely monitoring them. The Black Ink Clan, on the other hand, believed that they had hidden themselves well. Even if Mo Na Ye was incredibly shrewd, it would have never occurred to him that the Human Race would actually have a special organization like the Void Guard that was setting up Space Arrays leading to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction since 10 years ago.

It would also not have occurred to him that the Human Race had launched the seventh attack only because Mi Jing Lun wanted to get Yang Kai’s attention to warn him of the Void Guard’s discovery. There was simply no other hidden meaning behind it.

Mo Na Ye’s thoughts were clouded by first impressions. From beginning to end, he believed that the Human Race was up to something, so the more he thought about it, the more he spiralled in worry rather than simply assuming the simplest answer was the correct one.

The only thing he got right was that it must have something to do with Yang Kai.

Because after this battle had begun, Yang Kai disappeared without a trace after killing his way out of the No-Return Pass. At first, many of the Pseudo-Royal Lords were still on guard against Yang Kai’s sneak attacks, but since then the latter never appeared even when many good opportunities had appeared.

The Black Ink Clan had no idea where he had gone!

Mo Na Ye had also been paying close attention to the situation at Pure Yang Pass. In the past, whenever there was a big battle, Yang Kai would run over to Mi Jing Lun’s side and communicate with him, but this time, even that did not happen…