Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5902: Storming the No-Return Pass

Of course, if Yang Kai was intentionally hiding, Mo Na Ye would not be able to find his trace from such a distance.

But Yang Kai was still nowhere to be seen even after several days of fighting. 

[What is he doing?] From Mo Na Ye’s point of view, the more he could not spot Yang Kai, the more suspicious things became.

At this time, Yang Kai had already returned to Pure Yang Pass after a series of Space Array teleportations.

Hiding near Mi Jing Lun, Yang Kai began to give him a summary of what he had discovered on this trip and his own conjectures.

Mi Jing Lun’s expression became extremely solemn after hearing Yang Kai’s account of the situation.

According to the information Yang Kai had gathered, once the elite Black Ink Clan reinforcements reached the battlefield and coordinated with the Black Ink Clan at the No-Return Pass, the Human Race Army would not be able to resist. If the Black Ink Clan attacked the Human Race from two sides at that time, the Human Race would neither be able to advance or retreat.

Fortunately, the reinforcements were still far off and would take a decade or so to reach this place at their current pace.

What made Mi Jing Lun even happier was the absence of true Royal Lords in the Black Ink Clan reinforcements. In light of this, Yang Kai’s speculation that the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction hadn’t completely collapsed must be correct.

But that begged the question, how much longer could the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction remain standing…

Originally, the assault on the No-Return Pass was going quite well, but at this moment, Mi Jing Lun could feel a dark storm brewing on the horizon.

Rubbing his forehead, Mi Jing Lun asked, “Junior Brother, what are your thoughts?”

Yang Kai looked towards the frontline that kept being pushed by both sides before slowly speaking his thoughts, “We have to end this battle as soon as possible!”

Mi Jing Lun’s brow couldn’t help but furrow as he muttered, “But… many people will die.”

Yang Kai looked down, “The longer this battle drags on, the greater the hidden dangers of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction will become. Moreover, the number of deaths over these years… has already reached an astonishing number, hasn’t it?”

Mi Jing Lun remained silent. He was well aware of the current circumstances, and what the most sensible decision was; nonetheless, he still felt reluctant to give the order because he knew that once he did, many soldiers would have to pay for it with their lives.

As the saying goes, there is no place for kindness in leading an Army. Mi Jing Lun knew he was not a benevolent person. Over the years, there had been many instances where he had no choice but to issue cruel and merciless orders, but if not for those orders, the Human Race would not be able to create the greatest results with the least cost. Every soldier who had died on the battlefield had died a worthy death.

As the Supreme Commander of the Army who was ultimately responsible for issuing orders, Mi Jing Lun always felt guilty towards these dead soldiers, but he never felt guilt towards the Human Race as a whole.

But the current situation was different.

If he issued this order, millions of brave Human soldiers would surely die!

That was an enormous number! The weight of this was so heavy that even someone like Mi Jing Lun found it difficult to bear.

However, the Source of the Black Ink Clan disaster was not the No-Return Pass, but the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction!

Although the Human Race could maintain this kind of offence and take down the No-Return Pass in a decade or so with only minimal sacrifices, who could say that nothing would happen to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction within those 10 years?

If something irreversible happened at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction over the next decade, even if the Human Race managed to capture the No-Return Pass, it would prove meaningless. At that time, the losses would be even greater.

Mi Jing Lun clearly understood all of this, but… he could not get over the fact that all they needed was another 10 years.

The war between the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan had raged for millions of years. Compared to that, 10 years was a blink of an eye; however, at this critical juncture, 10 years became an unbearable delay.

Even Mi Jing Lun, who had always appeared as a cultured and scholarly gentleman in front of the world, couldn’t help but curse in his heart to alleviate his frustration.

Right now, the only silver lining for the Human Race Army was that the Black Ink Clan had been greatly weakened after having fought six battles over the past decade. Not to mention anything else, just the number of Pseudo-Royal Lords who had fallen in this decade had already crossed the 100 mark, while the number of Feudal Lords and Territory Lords who had perished was many times that number.

The main reason for this was because the Black Ink Clan had suffered massive casualties in the first two battles. In the later battles, the Black Ink Clan had always been on defence, so their losses weren’t as significant, but they still suffered some.

As such, if the Human Race really decided to launch an all-out attack, throwing all caution to the wind, it shouldn’t be a problem to take down the No-Return Pass.

“How do we deal with the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods?” Mi Jing Lun asked, suppressing his chaotic thoughts.

If they wanted to occupy the No-Return Pass, they would ultimately have to confront the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods; they could not avoid this hurdle. During these past 10 years, whether it was the Human Race or the Black Ink Clan, both sides had never fully committed their forces to the battle, always holding back their trump cards.

The Black Ink Clan needed to stall for time for their reinforcements to arrive. The Human Race, on the other hand, wanted to minimize their casualties as much as possible, but at the same time, they didn’t want to expand the scale of the battle to the point where the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods would be dragged in. With their mutual interest aligned, the strongest Masters acted with restraint.

Because of their geographical advantage, the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods would occasionally provide timely but limited assistance to the Black Ink Clan. Ah Da and Ah Er, on the other hand, simply watched from across the Territory Gate.

“I’ll cooperate with Ah Da and Ah Er. I can’t say that I can kill them, but it’s possible to pin them down,” Yang Kai replied.

Mi Jing Lun nodded his acknowledgement upon hearing this. If Yang Kai really managed to accomplish this feat, the Human Race’s casualties would be significantly reduced. After the Humans had routed the Black Ink Clan at the No-Return Pass, they could easily take care of the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods.

“Senior Brother… have you made your decision?” Yang Kai asked.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Mi Jing Lun stared at the battlefield for a long time before aguishly lamenting, “How did things develop to this point?”

Yang Kai remained silent.

A moment later, Mi Jing Lun stated in a grim and heavy voice, “Now that it has come to this, we can only go all out!”

Fortunately, he had not remained idle and unprepared these years. In a battle, a qualified commander could anticipate all scenarios and make preparations for every contingency.

Of course, Mi Jing Lun had never expected reinforcements to be on their way from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, so he had devised what to do if the Human Race was forced to take down the No-Return Pass in a short time.

Having been forced to this step, all he needed to do was to put the appropriate strategy into action. Of course, just because Mi Jing Lun had planned for this, didn’t mean things would go as he anticipated.

No one had expected that the curtains to the final battle of the Human Race’s attack on the No-Return Pass would open this way!

Yang Kai stated, “Since that’s the case, I will go and try to eliminate as many Pseudo-Royal Lords as possible. Senior Brother, please give the order!”

Mi Jing Lun imperceptibly nodded his affirmation.

The next moment, Yang Kai’s aura vanished, whereupon Mi Jing Lun raised his hand slightly. The messenger standing behind him instantly stepped forward and respectfully greeted, “Supreme Commander Mi!”

Mi Jing Lun’s low voice rang out, “Relay my Orders to all Armies…”

The messenger’s expression became serious as perked up his ears, attentively listening; however, Mi Jing Lun remained silent for a long time before the messenger finally heard Mi Jing Lun’s firm and determined voice, “Prepare to storm the No-Return Pass!”

As one of Mi Jing Lun’s trusted aides who had been following him all this time, the messenger naturally understood what this order meant. His expression immediately became stern, and although he was filled with shock, he didn’t hesitate to relay this order to every Commander on the battlefield.

As a qualified messenger, he didn’t need to question the decisions of the Supreme Commander, he just needed to convey the orders he was given without error…

Having finished relaying Mi Jing Lun’s order, the Seventh-Order messenger raised his head and looked towards the battlefield. The next thing reflected in his eyes was the Human Race Warships nimbly shuttling back and forth on the battlefield, as well as a sky alight with the brilliance of various Secret Techniques and artifacts.

He cupped his fists and requested in an earnest voice, “Supreme Commander Mi, I want to participate in the battle!”

All this time, he had been responsible for relaying Mi Jing Lun’s orders. He witnessed with his eyes the Human Race’s soldiers desperately fighting on the battlefield because of the orders he had passed down. He had witnessed the death of so many; too many to keep count of, but was powerless to do anything about it.

He also knew that their deaths had nothing to do with him. He was just a messenger. He was only relaying Supreme Commander Mi’s orders. As for the ensuing casualties and consequences of the orders, it was totally unrelated to him.

Be that as it may, not everything in this world could be convinced with logic, such as… the Human heart.

On the eve of the worst battle to have been fought in history, the messenger decided to follow his heart and make his request to the Supreme Commander.

Mi Jing Lun didn’t even turn his head, and only spewed a single word, “Granted!”

The messenger bowed in gratitude.

Within the walls of the No-Return Pass, Mo Na Ye was observing the battlefield with a furrow on his brow. His powerful cultivation and vast Divine Sense allowed him to clearly perceive the situation of the entire battlefield with a single flash of thought. He had seldom left the No-Return Pass to join the fighting over the years, but it was thanks to his leadership that the Black Ink Clan Army had managed to repel the Human Race at the smallest cost on every occasion.

This battle was no different from the previous ones. The Human Race’s attacks were tepid, which clearly indicated that they wanted to gradually wear down the Black Ink Clan’s strength. So, although it had been several days since the battle began, the losses suffered by the Black Ink Clan were still within acceptable limits. As for the Human Race… ever since the third battle, the price paid by the Humans in each battle could only be considered insignificant.

This was because the Black Ink Clan had never thought of making any move on the Human Race. Under Mo Na Ye’s command, all the Black Ink Clan’s forces were focused on defence; as such, it was very difficult for them to deal much damage to the Humans.

There were only two unusual points about this battle. Firstly, the Humans had launched this battle far ahead of their usual schedule, breaking the pattern which had been maintained for the past 10 years. 

And secondly, Yang Kai was nowhere to be seen.

After Yang Kai had killed his way out of the Barren Territory, there had been no sightings of him. This was a very strange and unprecedented event.

In the previous battles, Yang Kai would always run out to attack the Pseudo-Royal Lords, forcing Di Ya Luo and his team of 12 Pseudo-Royal Lords to rush to rescue, which was quite annoying.

But this time, Yang Kai had not made a move even after so many days.

Mo Na Ye couldn’t even figure out what Yang Kai was doing at this moment. This kind of unknown variable had caused Mo Na Ye’s heart to be filled with anxiety; after all, this was Yang Kai, who had always used extraordinary means to do unbelievable things.

Just as he was thinking so, a powerful aura suddenly erupted at a certain spot on the battlefield. This instantly caused Mo Na Ye’s heart to clench as he turned his head to look in that direction, only to see a massive river flowing across the void, sweeping towards the battlefield like a whip.