Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5903: Besieging the Enemy’s Stronghold in Order to Attack their Reinforcements

Sensing this powerful yet familiar aura, Mo Na Ye was first overjoyed, but was immediately taken aback.

What made him happy was that Yang Kai had finally appeared. He had been hiding in the shadows all this time and hadn’t done anything at all, so contrary to what might seem reasonable, his absence put a great deal of pressure on the Black Ink Clan. If he made a move, the Black Ink Clan could respond appropriately; so, when he noticed Yang Kai’s aura, Mo Na Ye was finally relieved.

What surprised him was that the target Yang Kai had chosen this time was actually Mo Yu, a veteran Royal Lord!

Yang Kai had made several moves throughout several battles, but each time he did so, his target had always been the Pseudo-Royal Lords. Due to his unpredictable means and the eerie Grand Dao River, the Pseudo-Royal Lords he targeted rarely escaped, unless Di Ya Luo managed to come to their rescue in time.

It could be said that half the Pseudo-Royal Lords who had fallen on the battlefield over the past 10 years had died directly or indirectly because of Yang Kai! He had almost single-handedly killed so many Pseudo-Royal Lords to the point they were unable to lift their heads.

Yet in all that time, Yang Kai had never taken the initiative to attack a true Royal Lord before, least of all Mo Yu as the most experienced Royal Lord in the Black Ink Clan.

The corners of Mo Na Ye’s brow immediately twitched as he felt that Yang Kai had gone crazy to make such a crazy move. He thus immediately shouted, “Di Ya Luo!”

There was no verbal response, but the moment Yang Kai appeared, Di Ya Luo led a dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords towards him at astonishing speed.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Di Ya Luo had already become quite familiar with rushing to the rescue. In every battle, he would lead a dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords to pin down Yang Kai, so there was no need for Mo Na Ye to give him any detailed instructions.

On the other side, Mo Yu was obviously taken aback by the sudden ambush. Just now, he had been fighting Luo Ting He alone. This was the third Ninth-Order Master he had fought in the past 10 years.

Unlike Xiang Shan’s relentless onslaught or Wei Jun Yang’s boldness, Yin-Yang Cave Heaven’s Luo Ting He’s attacking style was more calculated and meticulous. She would execute exquisite Secret Techniques in a seemingly endlessly chain, making her like a never-ending storm, leaving Mo Yu extremely frustrated. Even though his foundation was better than Luo Ting He’s, it was difficult for him to gain the upper hand. From the beginning of their fight until now, they were evenly matched.

A Royal Lord’s senses were extremely sharp, so even if Yang Kai had used Thunder Shadow’s Innate Divine Ability, it was difficult for the latter to completely hide his traces. Pseudo-Royal Lords might not be able to guard against Yang Kai’s sneak attack, but Mo Yu could.

In fact, Mo Yu already had a vague premonition before Yang Kai even launched his attack; therefore, he was only shocked for a moment when Yang Kai appeared and instantly reacted appropriately. He promptly collected the copious amount of Black Ink Strength around him and created a shield to defend himself. Right then, Luo Ting He’s attack struck the barrier, but it only caused his body to violently sway and was unable to cause any damage.

Yang Kai’s Space-Time River swept in just at that moment, gushing straight from above and engulfing him.

Mo Yu used the tried and tested strategy of fighting back with everything he had, bombarding Yang Kai’s Dao Strength River with everything he had in an attempt to force him back.

The raging waves crashed against Mo Yu’s barrage again and again, while the Dao Strengths fluctuated non-stop. At the same time, Luo Ting He unleashed her strength. The combined assault of two Ninth-Order Masters proved too much, however, and quickly caused Mo Yu to sink into the Space-Time River.

The undercurrents inside the river instantly started surging. Surprisingly, it was Mo Yu who was using his own strength to stir up trouble and bombard Yang Kai’s Dao Strengths.

The best way to deal with this situation was naturally for Yang Kai to enter the Space-Time River and use the environment to his advantage to engage in a fierce battle with Mo Yu. With his current strength, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to kill the trapped Mo Yu.

But he didn’t do this.

If he wanted to kill a Royal Lord, he would have already done so 10 years ago, but killing a Royal Lord would not have done any good to the overall situation.

The key Masters in the Black Ink Clan right now were still the Pseudo-Royal Lords!

“They’re here!” Yang Kai completely ignored the turmoil of his Dao Strengths and lightly shouted.

“Leave them to me!” Luo Ting He replied as she gently pointed her finger towards the void. The next moment, Yin-Yang Dao Strength rapidly filled the surroundings before an enormous Yin-Yang Fish manifested, enveloping Di Ya Luo and the dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords who were rushing over to help Mo Yu.

The Yin-Yang Fish slowly started rotating, like it had a life of its own. Immediately, an inexplicable pull appeared in the void, causing the group of Black Ink Clan powerhouses to lose their footing.

Di Ya Luo and the other Black Ink Clan powerhouses immediately launched numerous Secret Techniques together, trying to break free from this inexplicable force. But before they could escape, Yang Kai was already upon them. No one saw how he moved, but when he appeared behind a Pseudo-Royal Lord with his Azure Dragon Spear, the latter didn’t even notice.

Thrusting the spear with one hand, and executing a palm strike with the other, Yang Kai mercilessly attacked the Pseudo-Royal Lord. Immediately, an inexplicable burst of energy appeared in the void, as if something had been cut off.

This Pseudo-Royal Lord’s expression immediately changed, because the moment Yang Kai threw out his palm, his aura connection with the other two Pseudo-Royal Lords in his Battle Formation was severed.

With the aura connection severed, the Three Fortunes Formation instantly collapsed.

“Be careful!” When Di Ya Luo roared at him, the Pseudo-Royal Lord finally realized that a great disaster had befallen him. He promptly turned around and threw a punch, but all that filled his vision was a rapidly enlarging spear tip.

Regardless of his dire situation, he was still a Pseudo-Royal Lord. Facing such a crisis, he didn’t panic and instead changed his punch to a palm, smacking it towards the oncoming Azure Dragon Spear. At the same time, he tilted his head to avoid this fatal blow.

However… that was where things ended for him.

Caught inside the Yin-Yang Fish, his movements were significantly restricted, and to top it off, he was being targeted by Yang Kai; how could things possibly end well for him? The last thing this Pseudo-Royal Lord saw was the long spear he dodged transform into multiple spear shadows that rained down on him!

By the time the blood splashed out, the Pseudo-Royal Lord’s aura had vanished.

Then a second, then a third…

The other two Pseudo-Royal Lords who had formed the Battle Formation with the first followed in his footsteps almost immediately after.

Only then did the Secret Techniques from all directions rain down on the spot where Yang Kai was standing. Unfortunately, all that was left there was his afterimage, and by the time it faded away, Yang Kai had already arrived on the opposite side.

He had teleported to another three Pseudo-Royal Lords in Battle Formation and was about to launch a similar attack!

“In your dreams!” Di Ya Luo furiously roared again as he used all his strength to try and rescue the three Pseudo-Royal Lords; however, another figure suddenly appeared in front of him, blocking his path. A jade white palm flew out at him, carrying an Earth-Shattering power with it. Di Ya Luo’s expression became grave and without hesitation, he immediately met this palm with an attack of his own.

Luo Ting He’s foundation was lacking compared to a veteran Royal Lord like Mo Yu, but she was still stronger than Di Ya Luo who had only become a Royal Lord a few years ago. As such, it was relatively easier to fight him.

With her restraining Di Ya Luo, Yang Kai was able to act unhindered. Immediately, Space Principles surged as the surrounding space froze and a large number of Small Stone Race Soldiers appeared out of nowhere, surrounding this area.

In a flash, a look of horror appeared on the faces of all the Black Ink Clansmen, including Di Ya Luo.

The next instant, the Great Sun and Moon Marks on the back of Yang Kai’s hand glowed brightly before yellow and blue lights began flowing out of the Small Stone Race Soldiers, rapidly fusing into a dazzling Sun which exploded soon after!

When the dazzling white light faded a few breaths later, a few Pseudo-Royal Lords had disappeared from the battlefield, leaving clouds of blood mist in their place. As for the surviving Pseudo-Royal Lords, they had clearly become much weaker after suffering this blow.

Yang Kai promptly charged at them with his spear in hand. Immediately, an aura of death enveloped these Pseudo-Royal Lords.

On the other side, Luo Ting He looked surprised, staring at a fleeing figure with a frown. “He is quite fast!”

The moment Di Ya Luo saw Yang Kai summon the Small Stone Race Army, he decisively used his Secret Technique to escape. Luo Ting He didn’t even have time to stop him. However, executing this Secret Technique obviously cost Di Ya Luo a great deal of strength, so his figure looked quite miserable afterwards.

Luo Ting He no longer paid any attention to the fleeing Di Ya Luo, promptly turning around and joined forces with Yang Kai to kill the remaining Pseudo-Royal Lords who had been injured by the burst of Purifying Light.

How could the Pseudo-Royal Lords be their opponents under these circumstances? Their auras vanished one after another, though the counterattacks of these Pseudo-Royal Lords before their deaths could not be scoffed at. Knowing that they were doomed to die, each Pseudo-Royal Lord displayed suicidal determination in their final moments, causing both Yang Kai and Luo Ting He to suffer some injuries.

In particular, Yang Kai’s Daos Strengths were fluctuating in a wild manner, not because he was using his own Dao Strengths to kill his enemies, but because the Space-Time River was under attack.

After dealing with all the Pseudo-Royal Lords, Yang Kai shouted, “I’ll leave him to you!”

A moment after he shouted, a figure rushed out from the Space-Time River. It was none other than Mo Yu, who had been swallowed by the Space-Time River earlier. Although he had been trapped inside, Mo Yu had not suffered any physical injuries. His aura, on the other hand, was a little weaker than before, though this did not affect his combat strength much.

When Mo Yu saw the tragic sight before him, a cold and frigid look took over his face, but before he could do anything, Luo Ting He rushed him and the two resumed their original battle.

Yang Kai, on the other hand, didn’t even spare Mo Ya a glance. He raised his hand towards the Space-Time River, grabbing it like it was a whip, then used Instantaneous Movement, disappearing into the Void. He didn’t attack Mo Yu with Luo Ting He. Unless Yang Kai exposed his true strength, it wouldn’t be easy to kill a veteran Royal Lord; furthermore, it was more convenient to sneak attack the Pseudo-Royal Lords than to kill a tough nut like Mo Yu.

At the No-Return Pass, Mo Na Ye’s face turned ashen. He had never expected that his strategy against Yang Kai would be broken so easily.

Yang Kai sneak attacked Mo Yu, but clearly he never had any intention of fighting him. His true goal was the Pseudo-Royal Lords led by Di Ya Luo!

These were the stumbling blocks that had been pestering Yang Kai all this time, making it difficult for him to display his full strength.

With a simple move of besieging the enemy’s stronghold in order to attack their reinforcements, everyone in Di Ya Luo’s team, apart from Di Ya Luo himself who had managed to escape, had been slaughtered by Yang Kai and Luo Ting He!

[The situation has changed!] Mo Na Ye could keenly sense this.

Yang Kai had never done something like this before. 

The team of Pseudo-Royal Lords led by Di Ya Luo had successfully managed to restrain Yang Kai in the previous battles, hindering him from displaying his full strength, but by the looks of it, Yang Kai had always had the ability to break free of Di Ya Luo and the Pseudo-Royal Lords’ restraint. It was just that he did not want to, that was all.

[What the Hell made him reveal his fangs today?]

“Sir!” Di Ya Luo, who had fled back to the No-Return Pass, arrived in front of Mo Na Ye, his face filled with shame. He didn’t dare to face Yang Kai alone, so he didn’t know what to do now.