Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen
Chapter 5910: Universe Covered in Black Ink

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>

Fierce battles were taking place everywhere on the vast battlefield, but the most intense and shocking one was undoubtedly the fight between the Giant Spirit Gods and the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods.

Ah Er and his opponent were fully entangled, their powerful clashes causing space itself to shatter. Void Cracks appeared one after another and clung onto their large bodies like spider webs, and from those cracks, an extremely strong aura of chaos and nihility was spilling out.

Only two fates awaited ordinary creatures in such an environment. One was to fall in and become lost in the Void. If they were very lucky, they might find a way out, but if not, they would be forever trapped. 

The second outcome was to simply be sliced to pieces and die.

Each Void Crack was a tear in space, so it naturally possessed immense power. Nothing good could come to those who came into contact with these torn and displaced cracks.

However, the two massive beings confronting each other in this dangerous environment at this very moment were not ordinary by any definition. The Void Cracks, which would normally be a death sentence, merely left slight scratches on their skin, barely able to cut them at all.

Looking from afar, these two Supreme Masters were surrounded by endless cracks, making it look as if they were fighting in another space-time.

On the other hand, Ah Da’s battle with the second Black Ink Giant Spirit God was a completely different situation.

Thanks to Yang Kai’s sudden attack and the sacrifice of 2,000 Eighth-Order Small Stone Race Masters, this Black Ink Giant Spirit God had only battled Ah Da for a short time before losing an arm and a leg, which could be said to have greatly damaged its foundation. Now, with Yang Kai wreaking havoc inside its body, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had to divert some of his attention to defend against him, so it had completely fallen into a disadvantage in the face of Ah Da’s furious beating.

With each strike that landed, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God staggered and was sent flying back, whereas Ah Da only became stronger as the fight went on. Though the severed limbs of the opponent didn’t possess any kind of divine power, they were incredibly tough and displayed tremendous power in Ah Da’s hands.

In no more than a few dozen breaths, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was in a miserable state covered in black blood; the panic in its eyes gradually deepened.

At this moment, it was facing not only Ah Da’s flurry of attacks, but also what Yang Kai was doing inside its body, which was the true source of its fear. It could keenly feel that as Yang Kai moved within its enormous body, the auras of countless life forms were being left behind…

Even though it had no time to examine what was happening, it knew very clearly just what those living creatures were.

Realizing that its death was inevitable if it did not act, the Black Ink Giant Spirit God roared and forcibly blocked Ah Da’s ferocious attacks before suddenly, its body shook and it snarled, “The Universe shall be covered in Black Ink!”

As soon as those words were spoken, the Black Ink Strength lingering outside its body, which was like a dense fog, solidified for a moment before being drawn into its body by an invisible force.

The price it paid for this was being struck fiercely on the forehead by Ah Da’s attack, causing a part of its skull to cave in.

At that moment, Yang Kai, wielding the Azure Dragon Spear, was still drilling his way through the thick Black Ink Strength blockade as he shuttled around inside of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s body. The portal to his Small Universe had been opened, and as he swam about, a massive number of Small Stone Race Soldiers poured out of his Small Universe and took up positions inside of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God.

Yang Kai had brought some 400 million Small Stone Race Soldiers from the Chaotic Dead Territory and handed quite a large percentage of them to the Ninth-Order Masters to distribute to the Human Army in order to enhance its forces; however, he still left some behind as reserves. Besides the numerous Eighth-Order Small Stone Race Masters that were sacrificed earlier, Yang Kai still had a large Army of at least 30 million below the Eighth-Order.

These Small Stone Race Soldiers were constantly charging out of his Small Universe and invading the Black Ink Giant Spirit God’s body.

When the Black Ink Giant Spirit God finished speaking though, Yang Kai clearly felt the boundless darkness in this place become even darker.

It was a very strange feeling as there was supposedly no way a darkness where an ordinary person could not even see their fingers in front of them could get even darker, but that kind of feeling did arise in Yang Kai.

In the next instant, he realized that his Small Universe was shaking violently, and the open portal also closed involuntarily.

Shocked, Yang Kai quickly examined himself and was aghast to find the World Tree clone swaying violently while propping up the invisible boundary wall around his Small Universe. Outside of the boundary wall was Black Ink Strength of a purity he had never seen before, and it was trying to break into his Small Universe.

With the World Tree clone to isolate and protect his Small Universe, it remained flawless and undamaged for thousands of years, invulnerable to external forces. It had a similar effect to the Four Universe Pillars, but even stronger.

Since obtaining the World Tree clone, Yang Kai had never been worried that his Small Universe would be stained by Black Ink Strength. That was because Black Ink Strength could not break his Small Universe’s boundary wall nor corrupt his Small Universe with the World Tree clone shielding it.

Currently, the Black Ink Strength’s attack and the World Tree Clone’s protection were like a spear and a shield. If the protective shield was strong enough, it could ignore the attack of the sharp spear.

In the past, the protective shield of the World Tree clone could easily block the corruption of Black Ink Strength regardless of its source. Yang Kai had never felt affected by it before, and he could even recklessly enter environments full of Black Ink Strength. It was an act other Open Heaven Realm Masters were fearful of, yet he could do so without worrying about being corrupted by Black Ink Strength.

But this time, Yang Kai clearly felt that the protective shield of the World Tree clone was under pressure!

This was undoubtedly an indication that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God was using a powerful technique against him.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but think of the Royal Lord Secret Technique.

The Humans had never been able to figure out how the Royal Lords cast their Secret Technique. Yang Kai had also endured this Secret Technique head-on more than once, but with the World Tree Clone and the Soul Warming Lotus’ protection, it had never affected him.

The Humans had very limited information on the Royal Lord Secret Technique, but what they did know was that this technique could only be performed by a true Royal Lord, and that it can be activated silently. Those targeted by the Royal Lord Secret Technique could not resist unless they were in the Ninth Order. Even the most experienced veteran Eighth-Order Masters would be corrupted instantly by Black Ink Strength when this move was unleashed.

Back when the Human Race Army first clashed with the Black Ink Clan in the Barren Territory, it was through a use of the Royal Lord Secret Technique that three Eighth-Order Masters were corrupted, allowing them to infiltrate the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land in the depths of Shattered Heaven and awaken the Black Ink Giant Spirit God there. As a result, the Human Race was routed and had no choice but to give up the Barren Territory.

But despite how powerful the Royal Lord Secret Technique was, it was rarely used as once it was activated, the user’s foundation would be greatly damaged, causing a significant decline in strength. Therefore, Royal Lords generally did not use this technique unless they were in absolute control of the situation.

The first Royal Lord that Yang Kai killed was the one he fought just after advancing to the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm. That Royal Lord had wanted to get rid of Yang Kai for good by using the Secret Technique. This was due to him being angry out of shame from being unable to catch him after chasing him for several dozen years. It severely damaged his foundation as a result, providing an opportunity that Yang Kai took advantage of.

If Royal Lords could use such a bizarre Secret Technique, how could the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods, who were Soul Clones of Mo, not be capable of something similar? 

Therefore, when Yang Kai sensed that something was amiss, he knew that the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had to have used a technique similar to the Royal Lord Secret Technique, and that was why even the World Tree clone’s protective shield was feeling pressured.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but think back to Cang’s words. Despite knowing he had a World Tree clone to isolate and protect his Small Universe, Cang had specifically warned him to be wary of Mo. In other words, even with the World Tree clone, he could still fail to resist Mo’s Black Ink Strength.

Inside his Small Universe, the swaying of the World Tree clone became more and more violent. Yang Kai could clearly feel the pressure on his last line of defence, which finally made him realize that what Cang warned him about back then was not an exaggeration!

The Black Ink Giant Spirit God was already pressuring the World Tree clone, so what if he were to face Mo itself? The World Tree clone really might not be able to protect him then.

Moreover, trouble never arrived alone. As his Small Universe was bearing enormous pressure, Yang Kai can clearly feel his Knowledge Sea being invaded as well.

Boundless Black Ink Strength gushed over, staining his originally colourful Knowledge Sea completely black.

The corruption of Black Ink Strength on cultivators had always been both a physical and spiritual affair.

Inside Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea, on the small seven-coloured island formed by the Soul Warming Lotus, two figures sat idly across each other, playing chess. One of them had a humanoid form while the other had a beast form.

These two figures were naturally Yang Kai’s two other Selves. Since his three Selves united, Yang Kai advanced into the Ninth Order, but Thunder Shadow’s and Fang Tian Ci’s consciousnesses were preserved and had been staying in the Soul Warming Lotus all these years. This was the best place for them to remain as without the Soul Warming Lotus’ nurturing, they might have perished with the loss of their physical bodies over time.

When the boundless Black Ink Strength surged in, Fang Tian Ci immediately noticed that something was amiss. When he looked over, there was a look of surprise in his eyes.

Thunder Shadow also stood up in a panic, knocking over the chessboard in the process and exclaiming, “Black Ink Strength? What is Big Brother doing? How could Black Ink Strength reach this place? Big Brother isn’t going to be corrupted, is he? Oh, no! What do we do?!”

He made a scene, looking extremely worried.

Fang Tian Ci, however, looked at him speechlessly. Reaching out, he restored the knocked-over chess pieces back to their original positions, “Don’t try to shift focus. You’re about to lose!”

Thunder Shadow turned its head to look at him, shouting, “Who has the heart to play chess with you at such a critical moment!? If Big Brother is stained by Black Ink, we’re done for! When that happens, Big Brother will definitely pull us out and eat us one by one.”

Fang Tian Ci’s brow couldn’t help but twitch, “Firstly, if the true body is corrupted by Black Ink Strength, we will also be corrupted by it! Secondly, this is the Soul Warming Lotus, a Supreme Treasure of the Universe that can shield and nurture the Soul better than any other item in existence. With the Soul Warming Lotus, even if Black Ink Strength were to invade the true body, Big Brother would still be able to hold on to a trace of clarity and will not be completely corrupted by Black Ink Strength!”

“Is that so?” Thunder Shadow sat down with a clueless expression on its face.

Fang Tian Ci couldn’t endure it any longer, “Drop the pretentious act! You’re not a sore loser, are you?”

Thunder Shadow scoffed, “Chess isn’t fun. Let’s play something else.”

“So, you finally admit that you’re not my opponent,” Fang Tian Ci looked at it scornfully with his nose in the air.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Thunder Shadow bellowed, “Who’s not your opponent?! Don’t think that I have to endure your provocations just because you’re the Second Brother! You better watch your mouth!”

“Then, let’s continue. It’s your turn!” Fang Tian Ci gestured to the board.

Thunder Shadow hesitated for a moment before gritting its teeth, “Just watch as I destroy you until you don’t even have a single piece of armour left!”

As Black Ink Strength surged in, the only pure land in Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea was a chess game where one man and one leopard unceasingly exchanged moves…

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>