Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5913: Capturing the No-Return Pass

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>

The immense pain distorted Mo Na Ye’s features, but he gritted his teeth, “I laugh at you Humans for being so ignorant in the face of the Supreme One’s power. No matter how hard you struggle, it is all meaningless, all your efforts will ultimately be in vain!”

He spoke as if he were stating a fact, or laying a malicious curse, but it also seemed like a prediction of the future.

Yang Kai coldly snorted, “You have a big mouth for someone with little skill.”

Mo Na Ye frowned, “Brother Yang…”

Yang Kai shook the spear in his hand, interrupting his words as a strongly disgusted look emerged on his face, “Who is your Brother Yang? Do you even have the qualifications to call me your Brother?”

Mo Na Ye looked surprised and stammered, “I thought…”

Yang Kai interrupted him again, “We have been fighting each other for many years, and we each have our own victories. So, you think that as opponents, we should be sympathetic to each other?”

“Shouldn’t we?” Mo Na Ye tossed the question back.

The disgust on Yang Kai’s face deepened, “It’s you who knows nothing! I, Yang Kai, have been cultivating for thousands of years and encountered many powerful opponents. Indeed, there are some worth sympathizing with, because it was the pressure they gave me that enabled me to forge ahead step by step until this day, but that does not include you or any other Black Ink Clansmen! We are mortal enemies! Only by killing you can we Humans find peace!”

Mo Na Ye was silent for a moment before suddenly realising, “Only opponents are sympathetic to each other, not enemies.”

“It seems you understand now. So answer me, where did the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements come from? Did something happen at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction? You only have one chance to tell me the truth!” Yang Kai’s icy words were biting like the cold chills of winter.

Smirking, Mo Na Ye looked at Mi Jing Lun across from him, “Black Ink Eternal!”

A violent force suddenly erupted from Mo Na Ye’s chest. Yang Kai’s 10,000 Dao Strengths surged. This Royal Lord, who had been commanding the situation in the Black Ink Clan for thousands of years, was blasted into pieces with blood and severed limbs flying everywhere.

Mo Na Ye had fallen!

Yang Kai gave him only one chance to speak, but he had no intention of revealing any valuable information. Yang Kai naturally would not show mercy, and regardless of what answer Mo Na Ye gave, he still would not escape death today.

Yang Kai would never give him another chance to escape. 700 years ago, he failed to kill Mo Na Ye when the Universe Furnace appeared, which had been a source of regret for him. Later, when the Universe Furnace closed, he thought he would have another chance to kill Mo Na Ye, but unexpectedly, he was brought to the edge of the Universe by the Universe Furnace, allowing this guy to escape by some stroke of luck.

Mo Na Ye knew it well, and Yang Kai had also expected this.

All along, Mo Na Ye’s biggest threat to the Human Race was not his strength, but his superior intellect that far surpassed all his other clansmen. If he hadn’t been the Commander of the Black Ink Clan’s war effort, this battle at the No-Return Pass would not have been as hard-fought. Almost 30% of the Human Race’s casualties in the war could be attributed to Mo Na Ye alone.

Now, this Royal Lord had finally reached the end of his fate!

Mi Jing Lun reached out and grabbed a severed arm, the limb left behind by Mo Na Ye after his death. He pried open the large, tightly-clenched fist and took out an unhatched Black Ink Nest from his palm.

Glancing over at Yang Kai, he asked, “So this is the reason you tricked him?”

With the help of the Void Guard’s investigation, the Humans learned of the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements, which was why they launched this battle so decisively.

Mo Na Ye had suspected this, but he couldn’t be completely sure, that was why he wanted to get confirmation before his death.

Logically, it wouldn’t matter even if Mo Na Ye knew the answer since he was going to die regardless. There was nothing a dying man could do about it, but when he asked the question and Yang Kai acted like he didn’t know, Mi Jing Lun quickly played along, pretending to know nothing.

In the end, even when Mo Na Ye was killed, he couldn’t figure out whether the Humans knew about the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements in advance or not.

Yang Kai nodded, “It was just in case!”

Though admitting it wouldn’t make much of a difference, nobody could know what kind of changes it would bring to the situation if they did; therefore, Yang Kai always upheld a principle of not telling the enemy anything if at all possible.

However, judging from the fact that Mo Na Ye was still holding onto the miniature Black Ink Nest before he died, what happened here must have spread to the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements. The reinforcements must have found out that their presence had been exposed and that a Black Ink Giant Spirit God had died in battle.

Yang Kai was somewhat helpless about this. After he and Ah Da had teamed up to kill the Black Ink Giant Spirit God, he immediately rushed into the No-Return Pass and destroyed all the Black Ink Nests to prevent the news from leaking, but the fact of the matter was, he couldn’t completely prevent it.

Black Ink Nests were just too convenient in terms of transmitting information.

The only fortunate thing now was that the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements did not know about the existence of the Void Guard or the Space Arrays, nor would they have any idea what was going to happen next on the battlefield.

The reinforcements travelling through the void had two options now. One was to speed up their march and rush to the No-Return Pass, hoping that the battle would not be over before their arrival. Then, they could assist their fellow clansmen on this side and maybe turn the tide.

The second option was naturally to hold their position, get into formation and lay in ambush. They could then slowly start to build up their strength and prepare for the Human Race Army to approach. Under the assumption that the Humans knew nothing, it would only be natural for them to lay some sort of gigantic trap.

But no matter which option they chose, they could not stop the fate of the Black Ink Clan’s destruction at the No-Return Pass!

With the fall of a Black Ink Giant Spirit God, the outcome of the battle at the No-Return Pass has already been determined.

Clenching his fist, Mi Jing Lun crushed the Black Ink Nest before gently waving his feather fan, “Junior Brother, you should rest for now. I’m afraid we may need your help to deal with the remaining Black Ink Giant Spirit God as well. As for the rest, you don’t have to worry about them. You’ve already done enough.”

Yang Kai pondered for a moment and nodded lightly, “En!”

After slaying the Black Ink Giant Spirit God and Mo Na Ye one after another, Yang Kai had exhausted too much energy and needed time to properly recover. Even though the outcome of the battle had already been determined, it was necessary to deal with the remaining Black Ink Giant Spirit God to end things completely. That thing was not easy to deal with. If the first Black Ink Giant Spirit God had not been too careless, it would not have fallen in such a short time.

After Mi Jing Lun left, Yang Kai focused on his recovery. Without setting up any defences, he sat cross-legged in the void without any fear of being attacked by the Black Ink Clan…

When Mo Na Ye, a Royal Lord, was killed, the already fragmented Black Ink Clan defence line worsened even further.

Especially for those Masters from the Black Ink Clan who were fighting against Human Race Masters. Witnessing the fall of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God had already shaken their minds. Now, with Mo Na Ye’s death, the hearts of every Territory Lord, and even the Pseudo-Royal Lords were filled with great fear and loss.

Before the start of this war, everything had been under control, but once the fighting broke out, everything began to develop in a direction that the Black Ink Clan did not hope to see, pushing them step by step towards the abyss.

The fall of the Black Ink Giant Spirit God and Mo Na Ye has also caused a series of unpredictable chain reactions. On every battlefield, the auras of Black Ink Clan Masters constantly disappeared.

And, with the fall of so many Black Ink Clansmen, more Humans were now free and were able to head over and support the tougher battlefields, quickly outnumbering and overpowering their enemies.

The advantages of the Humans on the battlefield quickly accumulated like a snowball.

Seeing that the situation was going from bad to worse, many from the Black Ink Clan couldn’t help but think of escaping, but how could they possibly run away under these circumstances?

Half a day later, as Di Ya Luo’s aura swelled up before dissipating, the Black Ink Clan collapsed completely. An aura of despair enveloped every last Black Ink Clansman, and in such a hopeless situation, many were forced into adopting the determination to make one last stand before their deaths. However, as things had fallen to this point, even if they had this determination, it was impossible to reverse the situation.

Somewhere on the battlefield, Mo Yu fought alone against Luo Ting He, Wei Jun Yang, and Xiang Shan. Even though he was individually stronger than any one of these three, he was still struggling to take them all on at once.

Originally, Luo Ting He was his only opponent, but as the battle progressed, Wei Jun Yang and Xiang Shan gradually dealt with their own opponents and came to support her.

Not only that, but Mo Yu clearly felt that other Ninth-Order Masters had also directed a wisp of Divine Sense over to keep an eye on their battle.

Under this situation, even if Mo Yu could defeat the three Ninth-Order Masters, he was likely to be surrounded by even more Ninth-Order Masters soon after.

What was more, he didn’t have such ability!

Knowing that death was inevitable, Mo Yu let go of all his restraints and fought with the mindset that if even one was killed, it would make his death worth it. Thus, he ignored his own injuries and bombarding Xiang Shan with attacks, giving him a hard time.

Fortunately, neither Luo Ting He nor Wei Jun Yang were inexperienced weaklings. Together, the three of them prevented Mo Yu from trying to take Xiang Shan down with him.

This fierce battle lasted for almost half a day, and in the end, Xiang Shan endured a hit from his opponent but managed to counterattack and decapitate Mo Yu. Endless Sword Qi then tore Mo Yu’s corpse into pieces.

With that, all three of the Royal Lords had perished.

From a couple hundred at their peak, now only a few dozen Pseudo-Royal Lords remained, all of them struggling to survive and at risk of dying at any moment.

As for the massive Black Ink Clan Army whose troops used to number in the hundreds of millions, most of them had been cut down, and their corpses could be seen littering the vast battlefield. Even at the heart of the No-Return Pass, Humans were shuttling back and forth, killing off the remaining Black Ink Clan Soldiers.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Xiang Shan was seriously injured, so he withdrew to heal while Luo Ting He and Wei Jun Yang rushed to other battlefields without stopping. With the Royal Lords all wiped out, how could the remaining Pseudo-Royal Lords withstand the slaughter of the Human Race’s top Masters?

One by one, the auras of the Pseudo-Royal Lords began to disappear…

When the last one had his body burst apart with black blood splattering everywhere, the fiery-haired Ou Yang Lie took a deep breath and clenched his fist. 

A peaceful silence washed over the vast battlefield. The chaotic war had long since stopped and the soldiers were looking around at each other, smiling.

In the next moment, thunderous cheers erupted, the sound shaking the vast void itself.

The Humans had won!

Silavin: Finally! Man. Mo Na Ye is so far the longest focal enemy of Yang Kai. 

I actually kinda like him as a character. Not sure about you guys. He was like a roach. But, not horrendously written. Wish to we got to know him more than just fights and schemes.

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>