Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5925: Inside the Grand Restriction

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>

Cang and the other nine Martial Ancestors from the Late Ancient Era chose to set up the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction in this place because it was where the Primordial Light and Darkness were born. It could be considered the place where Mo came from.

All the Humans knew that Mo was suppressed and sealed inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction; however, no one knew what it was like inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Even Cang and the others knew very little.

Out of the 10 Martial Ancestors from the Late Ancient Era, Mu was the only one who personally entered the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to see what it was like inside.

Nevertheless, when she returned, she chose to sacrifice herself by merging with the Grand Restriction to strengthen it. She did not speak of what she saw or encountered inside.

The Human Race Masters came up with their own theories about what was inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, and Yang Kai had done the same as well.

All along, he assumed that the Grand Restriction was simply Mo’s cage. It suppressed and sealed Mo, as well as its creations; after all, Mo was an existence that embodied chaos and evil, the source of all misfortunes that befell all of existence. Even if Mo had no wish to be so, its existence was sadly the antithesis of other living beings. 

However, from the looks of it now, the situation was a lot more complex than Yang Kai had thought.

Despite everything else Yang Kai had gone through before, he could not help but be dazed by this new information.

“Still, there’s no point in getting to know these things now,” Wu Kuang’s feeble voice rang out in Yang Kai’s head once more, “The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction has been in place for too long. For the past six months, the Black Ink Clan has consistently attacked it, so I’m afraid it won’t hold out much longer.”

After a pause, he said, “Yang Kai, if you wish to save the Suppressing Black Ink Army, I can send you in. You can find a chance to bring them out again, though if I’m being honest, I don’t think there’s much hope of that. If you don’t… then leave now. Once the Grand Restriction breaks open, Mo will fully awaken and there will no longer be a place free from it anymore.”

“It hasn’t come to that yet,” Yang Kai quietly replied, “Plus, it’s just as you said, if Mo does wake up, it will be impossible to find an uncorrupted place, so where would I run to?”

As he spoke, he recalled his previous plan.

If the Humans could not defeat the Black Ink Clan, their only option was to gather their strength and flee deep into the void to find a new home.

The Universe Furnace was constantly splitting Heaven and Earth apart, so there had to be more than one liveable environment in the vast Universe.

No matter how strong Black Ink Strength was, it would not be able to cover the entirety of existence.

However, if it did come to that, not only would it mean that only a few could escape, but even those who did would have to wander aimlessly for the rest of their lives. This was not what Yang Kai wanted to see.

“Don’t despair. The Human Race Army will be arriving soon enough, and when the time comes, they’ll be able to get rid of the Black Ink Clan forces outside the Grand Restriction,” Yang Kai consoled.

Wu Kuang was startled, “The Humans are on their second crusade already?”

Yang Kai nodded, “More than 20 years ago, we reclaimed the 3,000 Worlds, and half a year ago, we took back the No-Return Pass. A month ago, we dealt with the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements that emerged from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Our Army is currently reorganising itself and will be here soon.”

Wu Kuang was a little dazed, “Has the Human Race’s heritage grown that strong?”

When he saw Yang Kai appear here alone, he assumed that it was only Yang Kai who would be coming, so he did not expect to resolve the crisis he had on his hands right now.

After all, the Black Ink Clan Army attacking him numbered over 10 million. Though they did not have a single Royal Lord among them, Yang Kai could not take them on all by himself.

“Our heritage is stronger now than it has ever been!” Yang Kai seriously declared. Even though they only had around 30 Ninth-Order Masters now, in the future, they would have at least 10 times what they had at their peak, if not 100 times.

“What fortuitous news,” Wu Kuang remarked with a joyful voice. There was more he wanted to say, but all of a sudden, he exclaimed, “Damn it! The Suppressing Black Ink Army is in trouble. Let me deal with it first.”

As soon as Wu Kuang finished speaking, Yang Kai could no longer sense the former’s aura as he had gone to deal with the situation the Suppressing Black Ink Army was in.

Yang Kai stood in place with his aura and figure hidden as he watched the Black Ink Clan Army. They were standing at the gap and persistently attacking the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Yang Kai had a hard time stopping himself from jumping into action.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

He was all alone, so even if he attacked the Black Ink Clan Army, he could not deal with so many of them and he would also end up putting the Black Ink Clan on high alert because he exposed his presence.

All that could be done now was to have Wu Kuang hold out a little while longer. The Human Race Army would soon be here, and once they were, they would be able to deal with this Army.

After giving it some thought, Yang Kai took out a jade slip and engraved all of the information he had into it. Then, he took out a Space Beacon and used it to deliver the jade slip over to Li Wu Yi.

Thus, by having Li Wu Yi pass the message along, the others would soon receive the reports about the situation over here, and Mi Jing Lun would be able to make appropriate arrangements.

Around a quarter hour later, Yang Kai felt Wu Kuang’s aura again and he quickly asked, “How are things?”

“They’re safe for now, but it won’t stay that way for long,” Wu Kuang replied, “It’s all thanks to the fact that a large number of the Black Ink Clansmen left the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and the rest are focused on the opening right now; otherwise, the Suppressing Black Ink Army would surely be facing an even bigger crisis.”

Yang Kai nodded, “I’ll have to leave the Suppressing Black Ink Army in your care then.”

“When can the Human Race Army arrive?” Wu Kuang asked.

“They would’ve set off by now, so it should take less than a month for them to arrive.”

“That’s good to hear!” Wu Kuang exhaled at last.

Before Yang Kai came over, Wu Kuang had to fight a dire battle all on his own here. Not only did he have to protect the entire Suppressing Black Ink Army, but he also had to focus on maintaining the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. He was beginning to despair at the situation.

At last, Yang Kai had come and the Human Race Army would be here in a month as well. They would be able to deal with the Black Ink Clan Army outside the Grand Restriction and he would have a much easier time once they did.

“What do you plan on doing now?” Wu Kuang asked.

After thinking in silence for a moment, Yang Kai replied, “Send me to the Suppressing Black Ink Army. It’s been so many years, so they must’ve used up all of their resources by now.”

Although Yang Kai did leave a lot of resources with the Suppressing Black Ink Army when he first sent them to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, it had been thousands of years since then and they had no way of replenishing their supplies. They had to have used it all up by now after all these years of clashing with the Black Ink Clan!

“Good,” Wu Kuang said, “Follow my lead.”

Yang Kai nodded and followed the signals that Wu Kuang gave which led him deeper into the void.

Soon, once he arrived at a different location outside the Grand Restriction, Wu Kuang’s voice rang out again, “This is where the Grand Restriction is at its weakest. The Innate Territory Lords escaped from here back then.”

Yang Kai recalled this point clearly.

Before the Universe Furnace emerged, a large number of Innate Territory Lords had snuck out of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Yang Kai inadvertently found out about this and rushed over to kill them off. Rivers of blood marked his path, and in the end, he came over and informed Wu Kuang about this, which was how the latter managed to repair the breach.

Since this breach could be repaired, it could also be opened up again.

“You’ll only have one breath of time to enter the Grand Restriction. Don’t miss it,” Wu Kuang instructed.

Despite being in control of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, he did not want to let any breach stay open for too long. It was safest to do so for only a breath as something unforeseen could happen if it were open any longer.

“Got it,” Yang Kai answered.

The very next instant, he saw a crack in the Grand Restriction. Black Ink Strength poured out of the crack that was filled with an evil and chaotic aura.

The crack opened up for just a brief moment before it sealed back up again.

Yang Kai, who was initially outside the Grand Restriction, was nowhere to be seen now.

Neverending Black Ink Strength surrounded Yang Kai as everything was plunged into utter darkness.

Yang Kai stood amidst it all with his aura and figure hidden as he looked around.

He could not see anything with his eyes, so he had to rely on his Divine Sense to scout his surroundings.

All cultivators, including Ninth-Order Masters, would lose their sight and sense of hearing in a place like this, and if they used their Divine Sense, they were opening themselves to the possibility of being corrupted by Black Ink Strength.

Thankfully, Yang Kai had the Soul Warming Lotus to protect him, so he did not have to worry about anything when using his Divine Sense.

He instantly detected a mysterious energy protecting him, one that was like a thin layer of mist that enveloped him completely.

Although it was his first time coming into contact with this energy, he was able to instantly deduce what it was.

This was the power of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Wu Kuang was in control over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and his cultivation had steadily grown over the years. Even though he was not as strong as Cang who used to stand guard here yet, he was not that much weaker.

Thus, he could use the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction to protect Yang Kai and ensure that the latter would not be detected by the Black Ink Clan inside the Grand Restriction.

Otherwise, even if Yang Kai used Thunder Shadow’s Innate Divine Ability, he would still run the risk of exposing himself as he was inside an environment filled with Black Ink Strength.

If something that was in the middle of a sea of Black Ink Strength moved, the movement would cause ripples in it the same way it would in water.

Based on what Wu Kuang told Yang Kai, the former had relied on the power of the Grand Restriction to keep the Suppressing Black Ink Army safe all this while!

If it had not been for that, the Suppressing Black Ink Army would not have survived till this day after being swallowed up into the Grand Restriction. They would have been ripped into pieces the moment they ended up inside.

Wu Kuang’s voice rang out in Yang Kai’s mind, “Don’t move. The Black Ink Clan is approaching!”

At the same time, Yang Kai sensed a group of powerful auras coming over. He quickly withdrew his Divine Sense and stayed hidden in silence.

Moments later, the group of powerful auras arrived. It was a group of Innate Territory Lords led by a Royal Lord.

They came over after sensing that something unusual occurred earlier.

The Royal Lord immediately went over to the spot where Yang Kai snuck into the Grand Restriction and studied it with his Divine Sense before looking around. A Territory Lord also came over to inspect the spot, and soon, he reported, “Sir, there are signs that the breach had weakened earlier.”

“Oh?” The Royal Lord’s expression was stern as he made a more thorough check. Once he confirmed that it was true, his expression turned to one of glee, “This breach once opened up nearly 1,000 years ago. Since it has weakened, it won’t be long before it opens up again.” After a pause, he sneered, “That scoundrel must be stretched thin right now!”

He immediately barked out an order, “Get the word out. We must find that Human Army as soon as possible and occupy that bastard’s attention!”

“Yes, Sir!” The Innate Territory Lords responded at once.

Then, the Royal Lord selected two Innate Territory Lords, “You two will stay here and keep an eye on the breach. If anything strange happens, report back to me right away!”

“Yes, Sir!”

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>