Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5931: Pursue

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>

In the midst of the jungle ambush that was aimed at Zuo Wu You himself, Yang Kai just so happened to be at the right place at the right time.

No one could have predicted that at that critical moment, the arrival of the Spirit Religion Holy Son, guided by fate, would cause all the undercurrents to erupt in an instant.

Upon reflection, Yang Kai realised that Zuo Wu You had indeed shouted to the attackers, “Aren’t you here for me?”

“Regardless, I still have to thank you,” Yang Kai said.

Zuo Wu You shook his head, “Holy Son, it’s nothing; however, we shouldn’t stay here for long. We need to leave as soon as possible.”

Although he had killed quite a number of enemies, he was ultimately alone and unable to completely wipe them out. Before the news of the appearance of the ‘Holy Son’ was spread, they had already taken Zuo Wu You seriously, but it was not to the point where they had to eliminate him at all costs. However, if news of the Holy Son’s appearance got out, it would surely lead to an all-out attack.

“But Brother Zuo, your injury…” The thin young man looked at Zuo Wu You with concern.

“It’s nothing serious. Escort the Holy Son…” Before Zuo Wu You could even finish his sentence, he suddenly coughed up a mouthful of blood, his aura wilting to the extreme, and his face turning an ashen white.

“Big Brother Zuo!” The two young men exclaimed, rushing to support Zuo Wu You, who was now swaying on his feet.

Yang Kai looked at him and said, “It looks like we’ll have to hide here for a while.”

Zuo Wu You’s face was filled with bitterness as he nodded, “Please wait half a day for me, Holy Son.”

Yang Kai did not respond.

Zuo Wu You needed urgent treatment. The battle just now had taken a huge toll on him, but he forcibly suppressed his injuries out of concern for the Holy Son’s safety and the future of the Spirit Religion. Now that the backlash had acted up though, he was unable to move for a while.

Zuo Wu You quickly settled down and closed his eyes to meditate and heal.

The two young men who had brought Yang Kai here stood guard by his side, while Yang Kai himself seemed to have nothing to do. 

Currently, he still had very little information at his disposal, but one thing was certain, this independent World was still inside Mu’s Space-Time River. When the waves of the Space-Time River crashed down on him, Yang Kai did not dodge, resulting in him being dragged into this place and fulfilling an unknown prophecy of some Spirit Religion Saintess who lived in this place.

The current situation required Yang Kai to see the Saintess if he wanted to know more. 

Although he had some guesses in mind, he couldn’t confirm them until he met her; however, there were still some minor troubles to solve before that.

The hideout fell silent after that.

About four hours later, a commotion suddenly broke out. Zuo Wu You, who was meditating to heal, suddenly opened his eyes with a look of disbelief and exclaimed, “Impossible!”

As soon as the words fell, a tremor shook the ground, as if someone outside was using powerful means to attack the mountain wall where the secret chamber was located.

“Big Brother Zuo!” Cried the thin young man, “Our location has been exposed, and those guys have come after us!”

Upon hearing that, Zuo Wu You’s expression darkened.

This secret chamber was one of the Spirit Religion’s footholds outside, and when he returned earlier, he had carefully investigated the surroundings to ensure that he wasn’t being followed, so how did the enemy find them?

If he hadn’t been certain that this foothold was safe enough, he wouldn’t have stayed here to heal his injuries.

But in fact, the enemy had already found them.

“Hurry, activate the Array!” Zuo Wu You shouted.

Another young man immediately took out a control jade, infused it with power, and shielded the hideout.

The attacks became more ferocious, and the commotion grew much louder.

“Zuo Wu You, this King knows you’re in there! Hand over your Holy Son, and this King will spare your life!”

Zuo Wu You paled upon hearing the voice, “Yan Peng! That old dog really came here in person!”

He, who remained calm when he was being besieged in the jungle previously, panicked now, clearly facing a formidable foe at the moment. It was obvious that this ‘Yan Peng’ was not someone to be trifled with.

After waiting for half a moment without a response, Yan Peng outside coldly snorted, “Since you refuse a toast, you must drink a forfeit! Don’t blame this King for being ruthless!”

As he finished speaking, the violent attacks resumed, causing the entire secret chamber to shake violently.

The young man holding the control jade and stimulating the protective Array stumbled as well, nervously saying, “Big Brother Zuo, the Array can’t hold on for much longer.”

With that, Zuo Wu You immediately stood up and drew his sword before taking a deep breath and declaring, “Zheng Hai, Liu Ji, I’ll clear a path for you. Bring the Holy Son and run.” 

“Big Brother Zuo, we can’t escape,” said the thin youth, Zheng Hai, full of sorrow and indignation, “We should fight together!” 

Zuo Wu You’s eyes flickered with a hint of sadness. He knew very well that they couldn’t escape, but after so many years of persistence, how could he give up now that he had finally seen a glimmer of hope? He gritted his teeth and said, “Listen up, you two. No matter what happens, you must protect the Holy Son and bring him back safely. Don’t give up until the very end!”

*Hong Hong Hong…*

As rocks crumbled and fell, it was clear that this secret chamber couldn’t hold much longer. 

Zuo Wu You held his sword up, his expression was resolute and determined. 

Liu Ji continued to wield the power of the jade while Zheng Hai stood ready with all his strength, preparing to unleash his strongest move. Suddenly, Zheng Hai punched Liu Ji in the back and, at the same time, the hidden dagger in his other hand struck at Yang Kai’s vital point.

“What?”

“What?”

Two exclamations sounded almost simultaneously.

The situation in the secret chamber became confusing and chaotic.

Liu Ji, who was hit by the punch, spat out fresh blood and fell to the side. Zuo Wu You couldn’t help but turn his head in disbelief. He never expected to have a traitor on his side, especially one who would turn on them at such a critical moment.

Finally, he understood why their position had been exposed. The enemy had hidden Zheng Hai, a traitor, deep within the Spirit Religion for years without ever using him. Now that it involved the existence of the Holy Son though, it was time to activate this agent.

What surprised Zuo Wu You even more was what happened when Zheng Hai attacked Yang Kai. 

He timed his attack perfectly, just as the Spirit Array was about to collapse and when everyone was highly focused due to the tension. Liu Ji was already injured by him and Yang Kai, standing not far from him without any defences, should have been directly killed by him. 

However, when his dagger was about to reach Yang Kai, it was caught between two fingers that suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

Throughout the entire process, the Holy Son didn’t even turn his head, yet he seemed to have eyes on the back of his head.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

*Hong…*

With no one to maintain the Array, it collapsed, and the secret chamber hidden in the mountain was completely exposed. Figures outside could be seen, and one of them, a white-haired old man with a ruddy complexion, stood with his hands behind his back while raising a gust of wind to clear away the dust to make the confusing situation clearer.

After scanning the scene, the white-haired old man snorted coldly.

Zuo Wu You’s roar resounded, “Zheng Hai!”

With a flick of the sword in his hand, he turned and thrust towards Zheng Hai, his eyes filled with bloodshot veins and anger and his face twisted in a grimace of disappointment for his former comrade.

“Silence!” Yan Peng, the white-haired old man, waved his sleeves and sent Zuo Wu You flying through the air, smashing into the ground several paces away.

Already heavily injured and weakened, the impact of the throw left him nearly unconscious, with no strength left even to move a finger.

Desperately looking towards Yang Kai, he expected to see the Holy Son’s tragic state, but what he saw left him stunned instead…

Zheng Hai held a dagger close to the Holy Son’s waist, with a posture of attempting a sneak attack, but the Holy Son quickly countered by catching the dagger with two fingers and holding it in place.

Right now, Zheng Hai was struggling to pull the dagger out, but those two fingers were as steady as a rock, making his efforts futile.

[What is happening?] Zuo Wu You couldn’t make sense of it. From the looks of it, the Holy Son seemed to have anticipated this sneak attack.

While he was wondering how the Holy Son could have been prepared for this, the latter spoke up, “There really was an issue with you.”

Saying so, he turned to look at Zheng Hai behind him.

Perhaps feeling guilty, or perhaps intimidated by Yang Kai’s strength, Zheng Hai tried to put on a tough act and asked, “How did you figure it out?”

“During our ‘escape’, you were clearly leaving some things behind in secret. I thought they were meant to guide Zuo Wu You, but then I thought, if Zuo Wu You already knew about these places, who else could you be guiding?” The Holy Son replied.

“How is that possible? You noticed what I did on the way here?” Zheng Hai couldn’t believe it. He had been very careful, and even Liu Ji hadn’t noticed anything.

Yang Kai chuckled lightly without answering, instead, he looked down at Zheng Hai’s hand and said, “You’re still a bit weak compared to me.”

This whole time, Zheng Hai had been trying to retrieve his dagger, but he couldn’t overpower Holy Son’s grip. Upon hearing this, he immediately released the dagger and stepped back.

However, as soon as he regained his footing, his face became filled with horror as the Holy Son appeared to use some mysterious movement skill, clinging to him like maggots on rotting bones.

Just as he was about to say something, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his chest, and all his strength rapidly drained from his body.

Yang Kai turned his head towards Zuo Wu You, who lay helpless on the ground and asked, “It doesn’t matter if we kill this traitor, does it?”

Zuo Wu You was dumbfounded by the series of events, but upon hearing this, he laughed heartily, “He’s just a beast. His death isn’t worth pitying!”

Amidst the hearty laughter, he was suddenly seized with a coughing fit that aggravated his injury. 

Yang Kai nodded slightly and reached out to lightly tap Zheng Hai’s forehead, who then stumbled backwards and fell to the ground, gazing down at his chest. 

A dagger was somehow thrust into his heart, the very same one he had used to ambush the Holy Son from before.

“Impossible…” Zheng Hai’s pupils contracted as he murmured to himself, “How is that possible that I’m… dying… here….”

His head tilted and he lost his aura.

Only then did Yang Kai turn to look at Yan Peng, who was observing him with a scrutinising gaze, looking somewhat surprised.

Yang Kai said, “Old man, aren’t you angry?”

“Angry about what?” He asked in confusion.

“I just killed one of your subordinates,” Yang Kai pointed to Zheng Hai, who lay dead next to them.

Yan Peng burst into laughter, “I have thousands of subordinates. If I were to get mad every time one dies, I’d have died from anger by now.”

| Martial Peak | Next Chapter>>