Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5945: Guidance

Yang Kai ignored the commotion in the Grand Hall and looked at the Saintess, awaiting her reply in silence.

After a long time, the veiled woman said, “I don’t mind taking off my veil, but…”

The commotion stopped abruptly as all of their necks seemed to have been grabbed by invisible hands as they looked dazedly at the woman.

None of them expected the Saintess to agree to this kind of ridiculous request.

Yang Kai said with a smile, “It seems that there’s a condition.”

“Indeed,” the Saintess nodded matter-of-factly, “Since you’ve brought forward a demand, I naturally have to come up with one as well.”

Yang Kai replied solemnly, “Please tell me.”

The Saintess went on to say softly, “Zuo Wu You has reported that you are the Holy Son, and the timing and circumstances of your appearance matches the prophecy; however, it is hard to tell whether you are indeed the Holy Son. When the first Saintess made her prophecy, she also left behind a test for the Holy Son.”

Yang Kai’s expression changed as he realised the woman’s intentions, “Do you want me to go through the test?”

“Yes.”

His expression turned awkward at that instant.

According to Chu An He, the true Holy Son had actually appeared 10 years ago. All the Spirit Religion’s higher-ups had acknowledged the incident. In other words, the Holy Son must’ve passed the test, and his identity had been verified.

Therefore, from the Spirit Religion’s perspective, Yang Kai must be a fake for claiming to be the Holy Son.

Despite that, the Saintess still wanted him to go through the test, which was a perplexing idea.

Yang Kai swept a glance over the Order Lords in the front row and realised that they appeared shocked. Apparently, they didn’t expect the Saintess to come up with such a demand.

[How interesting. They obviously didn’t discuss it before. The Saintess must’ve improvised.]

In that case, Yang Kai could only think of one possibility.

The Saintess must be certain that he couldn’t pass the test, and when that happened, she naturally wouldn’t have to fulfil his request as well.

After giving it some thought, Yang Kai said, “No problem. Do we start now?”

The Saintess shook her head, “The test is in a sealed land, and it takes some time to open it. You can go and get some rest. When we are ready, we will inform you about it.”

Following that, she said to Ma Cheng Ze, “Order Lord Ma, please help settle him down.”

Ma Cheng Ze stepped forward and replied, “Yes.”

Then, he beckoned to Yang Kai, “Please come with me, Little Friend.”

Yang Kai took another look at the Saintess and cupped his fist before leaving the place.

After he was gone, an Order Lord asked, “Holy Saintess, why did you ask him to head to the sealed land and go through the test?”

The Saintess explained, “Since he has the people’s support and the blessing of the World’s Will, we can’t handle him as we please, nor can we expose him. In that case, I’ve decided to let him go to the sealed land where the first Saintess had left behind the test. Only the real Holy Son can pass the test.”

Someone finally realised the Saintess’ intentions as he said, “Since he’s a sham, there’s no way he can pass the test. By then, we’ll have a reason for dealing with him.”

The Saintess nodded, “That’s indeed my plan.”

“Holy Saintess is wise!”

…..

While moving forward alongside Ma Cheng Ze in the Holy Temple, Yang Kai suddenly asked, “Old Ma, since I’m a person who appeared out of nowhere, shouldn’t you all be looking into my background first? Why did the Saintess ask me to head to the sealed land?”

“What did you just call me!?” Ma Cheng Ze stopped in his tracks and looked at him in shock.

“Old Ma. What’s wrong with that?”

Ma Cheng Ze was so exasperated that he laughed, “What’s wrong with that!? This King is an Order Lord as well as a Peak Immortal Ascension Boundary Master. Even if you don’t want to call me Senior, you’re supposed to call me Order Lord Ma at the very least.”

“I’ll call you Order Lord Ma, then,” Yang Kai decided to oblige. Since he was significantly more powerful, he couldn’t bring himself to call the other man ‘Senior’, but calling him by his title wasn’t an issue.

Ma Cheng Ze shot him a glare and continued walking forward, “I’m not supposed to tell you anything, but for some reason, this King is fond of you, so I’ll let you know a few things. We don’t have to look into your background. If you can pass the test, you’ll be the Holy Son; however, if you fail the test, you’ll die. In that case, your background no longer matters.”

After pondering for a moment, Yang Kai said, “You have a point.” Then, he changed the topic all of a sudden, “Have you seen the Saintess’ face before?”

Ma Cheng Ze shook his head, “Brat, you don’t look like a licentious man, so why are you curious about the Saintess’ appearance?”

Yang Kai replied seriously, “I already explained back in the Grand Hall earlier.”

“Your speculation that has something to do with the people’s happiness and the world’s safety?” Asked Ma Cheng Ze while turning to look at him.

In response, Yang Kai nodded slightly.

Ma Cheng Ze decided to ignore him as he stopped in his tracks and pointed at the building in front of him, “You’ll stay here. When we’re ready, we’ll summon you to the sealed land. Call out to the servants if you need anything; otherwise, just stay in your room.”

Upon finishing his words, he turned around and left.

After the man was gone, Yang Kai stepped into the courtyard and saw that some servants were already waiting. After making a few arrangements, he entered his room and got some rest.

Although those from the Spirit Religion believed that he was a fake, they didn’t mistreat him. The place he stayed had a terrific environment, and there were more than 10 servants to serve him.

However, Yang Kai wasn’t in the mood to enjoy anything. In his room, he sat down with his legs crossed and started cultivating.

After he acquired the people’s support and the blessing of the World’s Will while moving along the 30-kilometre street, he felt that he had a vague connection with this independent World.

His suppressed power began to stir as well.

There were Immortal Ascension Masters in this World, but for some reason, after his arrival, he was reduced to the True Element Boundary.

He wanted to try whether he could break through the suppression. Even if he couldn’t fully restore his power, it would be wonderful if he could make it to the Immortal Ascension Boundary.

After some hard work though, his attempt still failed.

He felt that there was a layer of invisible shackles that stopped him from fully activating his power.

“Where is this place?” Asked a voice all of a sudden.

“You finally connected?” An elated Yang Kai grabbed the jade pendant around his neck.

This thing was given to him by Wu Kuang when he entered the Space-Time River. The jade pendant contained a wisp of Wu Kuang’s Soul; however, it fell silent after entering this place. Over the past few days, Yang Kai had been nurturing the jade pendant with his Spiritual Energy and finally, he was able to connect with Wu Kuang.

“This place is strange,” Wu Kuang said.

“Yeah,” Yang Kai replied, “I still haven’t figured out the mystery behind this world. Why is there such a place in Mu’s Space-Time River? Do you know anything?”

“Nope. Mu left behind something in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, but I never managed to figure out what that is. I doubt even Cang and the others have any idea.”

Just like what Wu Kuang said, if not for the fact that Black Ink Strength in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction surged all of a sudden, he wouldn’t have noticed the trump card that Mu had left behind.

Despite that, he had no idea what it was; therefore, he left a thread of his consciousness by Yang Kai’s side to explore the mystery.

“That will be troublesome, then,” Yang Kai knitted his brows together.

“Wait a bit,” Wu Kuang sounded surprised, as though he had discovered something, “Something’s happening!”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What do you mean?” Yang Kai appeared excited.

“I have no idea, but whatever it is, it’s like a faint guidance,” Wu Kuang replied.

Yang Kai realised something at that moment. Wu Kuang was in charge of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction. Supposedly, he was able to detect everything inside the restriction. It was thanks to this advantage that he was able to protect the Suppressing Black Ink Army.

Presently, he had detected something; however, with the Space-Time River getting in the way, it was difficult to interpret it clearly.

“Where’s the direction pointing at?” Yang Kai asked.

“Somewhere in the city, but not this place.”

“Let’s go and have a look.” Saying so, Yang Kai activated Thunder Shadow’s Innate Divine Ability to conceal his figure and aura.

…..

In the deepest part of the Holy Temple, a beautiful woman was waiting in a Grand Hall.

Just then, someone was heard saying from outside, “Order Lord Li would like to see you, Holy Saintess.”

The woman lifted her head and said, “Let her in.”

“Yes.”

A while later, the Order Lord of the Fire Order entered the place and saluted the woman, “Greetings, Holy Saintess.”

The Saintess raised her hand with a smile, “Please drop the formalities, Order Lord Li. Have you found anything?”

“Yes, Holy Saintess.”

Just as Li Fei Yu was ready to report, the Saintess stopped her by saying, “Wait a moment.”

She fished out a piece of jade and infused her energy into it. In an instant, the Grand Hall was covered in a Spirit Array, ensuring that no one could eavesdrop on their conversation.

After the Grand Array was activated, the Saintess stopped pretending to be serious as she took Li Fei Yu’s hands and sat down. Then, she said with a smile, “You’ve worked hard, Big Sister Li. What have you found?”

Li Fei Yu put on a helpless smile. Although the Saintess was a mild-tempered person, she had to appear authoritative in front of others. Only she knew what the Saintess was like in private.

“I’ve discovered many things,” as Li Fei Yu recalled the information she had gathered, she fell into a dazed state.

After they entered the city, Ma Cheng Ze stayed by Yang Kai’s side while she left with Zuo Wu You. As the Fire Order Lord, she was responsible for gathering information; therefore, she had many things to ask Zuo Wu You.

That was the reason she didn’t show up in the Grand Hall earlier.

“I’m all ears,” the Saintess seemed interested.

Li Fei Yu replied, “According to Zuo Wu You, he came across Yang Kai by chance. At that time, their whereabouts had been exposed as they were hunted down by the Black Ink Cult…”

She related to the Saintess the information she had learned from Zuo Wu You. When the Saintess heard that despite being a True Element Boundary Master, Yang Kai was able to kill Yan Peng, injure Xue Ji, and even repel the Earth Chapter Master, a myriad of expressions came over her.

“Are you sure about that, Big Sister Li? How is he so powerful when he’s only a True Element Boundary cultivator?” Asked the Saintess.

“There’s no problem with Zuo Wu You, so everything he has said must be true. All of those things happened,” Li Fei Yu let out a sigh. When she heard about those incidents at that time, she couldn’t believe her ears either.