Chapter 5957: Little Eleventh

The City Lord of North River City was dead.

Earlier that morning, an Army from the Light Spirit Religion launched an attack on North River City; however, this city was one of the most important for the Black Ink Cult, so there were countless powerful Masters inside. As such, it wasn’t easy to conquer it. The City Lord was especially difficult to deal with.

Those from the Spirit Religion had been trying to come up with a solution to take North River City; nevertheless, on this silent night, Xue Ji brought the City Lord’s head and presented it to Li Fei Yu.

While Li Fei Yu was still in a dazed state, Xue Ji disappeared into the darkness and said from a distance, “Those from North River City won’t discover it before the break of dawn. I don’t think you need me to tell you what to do.”

“Wait!” Li Fei Yu called out. At this point, she no longer doubted Xue Ji.

Xue Ji was a famous woman who was a nightmare for countless men, but she had submitted herself to that person.

The next moment, Xue Ji revealed herself again and asked, “What else?”

Li Fei Yu said, “I don’t think killing this guy was the only thing that person told you to do.”

The smile on Xue Ji’s face faded as she looked away and clicked her tongue, “I hate clever women like you!”

Li Fei Yu arched her brow, thinking that her speculation was right; therefore, she questioned frankly, “So, what orders did he give you?”

A displeased Xue Ji hesitated for a while before replying, “Master told me to work closely with you. You just have to tell me your targets, and I’ll remove the obstacles for you.”

“Master…” Li Fei Yu felt her face twitching. That certain someone was so powerful that not only did he conquer this woman, but he had also managed to make her call him ‘Master’.

One had to know that this woman was one of the most formidable cultivators in the World.

Li Fei Yu suppressed her shock and nodded, “That’s great. How should I contact you, then? You have to give me something.”

“Here you go!” Like an aggrieved child, Xue Ji angrily tossed a communication bead at her.

Li Fei Yu took it with a pleased expression. As she looked at her long-time opponent, she said, “I didn’t expect a woman like you to submit yourself to a man. Is he so charming? Or is he able to please you in some other way?”

It was meant to be mockery, but after she finished her words, her entire figure stiffened all of a sudden. She could see Xue Ji’s figure fading, and the next moment, a chill ran down her spine.

Xue Ji’s voice sounded from behind. She was as light-weighted as a ghost, and her breath made the woman’s hair sway, “Master is more powerful than you can ever imagine, so stop saying nonsense like this. If he finds out what you’ve said, he’ll be furious, and I’ll end up in a horrible state. When that happens, I won’t let you off!”

Despite her stiff figure, Li Fei Yu placed her hand on the hilt of her sword as her forehead was beaded with sweat. She wanted to move, but she was unable to do so as though something had locked her in place.

A long time later, she whirled around and realised that Xue Ji was nowhere in sight. She didn’t even know when the woman disappeared.

As a cold breeze whisked past her, she realised that her clothes were already soaked.

She let out a long breath, looking like a drowning person who had just been saved. As her legs turned to jelly, she almost fell to the ground. The incident earlier frightened her that much.

Much to her surprise, Xue Ji had become so formidable.

One had to know that the two of them had fought many times over the years, so they could be considered long-time rivals. There was no doubt that Xue Ji’s Blood Principles were hard to deal with, but Li Fei Yu wasn’t less powerful in any way. They had always been equally matched.

Since they were at the peak of their cultivation, there was no room for improvement, so they could only keep cultivating to solidify their powers.

The last time they fought was a year ago, and Li Fei Yu had actually gained the upper hand; however, the power Xue Ji showcased just now made Li Fei Yu realise she was no longer a match for her.

If Xue Ji wanted to kill her, Li Fei Yu wouldn’t even be able to flee.

Xue Ji couldn’t increase her power significantly on her own in just one year.

It was no wonder Xue Ji was so loyal to that person and even willing to call him Master. It seemed that his Blood Essence could bring her woman unimaginable benefits.

Li Fei Yu suppressed her shock and secretly felt glad.

Xue Ji was extremely powerful now, but thanks to that person, she was on the Spirit Religion’s side.

By working with this woman in secret, they could secretly get rid of many opponents that would otherwise get in the Spirit Religion’s way. Perhaps it would be easier for them to win the war than they had imagined.

After pulling herself together, Li Fei Yu left the place in a hurry.

They had to launch an attack on North River City before the break of dawn. It was the best chance for them to conquer the city.

While the two women met up at night, Yang Kai secretly returned to Dawn City.

In the periphery of the city, he easily found Mu, who lived there.

“Why are you here again?” With a furious expression, Little Eleventh blocked the doorway to stop Yang Kai from entering, “Do you have your eye on Sixth Sister? You’d better give up now, otherwise… Ouch!”

He covered his head and turned around to look at Mu with an aggrieved expression, for the woman had landed a fist on his head earlier.

“Stop spouting nonsense. Go out and play now,” Mu glared at him.

Little Eleventh shrank his neck and didn’t dare to refute her. He pouted and ran away sorrowfully. When he brushed past Yang Kai, he made sure to bump into him.

A while later, he turned around and snapped, “Hey! If you dare to do anything to Sixth Sister, I’ll… I’ll…”

He was a young boy, so he couldn’t think of any vicious words. After racking his brain, he still couldn’t finish his sentence.

An amused Yang Kai asked, “What will you do?”

Finally, Little Eleventh threatened, “I’ll smash your head!”

Hearing that, Yang Kai broke into laughter.

Little Eleventh pulled a face at him and wiped the tears from his eyes before running away.

Yang Kai watched the young boy leave and shook his head; then, he turned around and saluted Mu, “Senior.”

Mu continued looking in Little Eleventh’s direction for a moment before saying, “You’ve noticed, haven’t you?”

Yang Kai didn’t expect her to admit to it, so he simply said, “You must have your reason for doing so.”

“Indeed,” Mu didn’t deny it, but she was curious, “How did you figure it out? He looks just like any young boy.”

“It’s the way you call him,” Yang Kai smiled, “Wu Kuang said you were ranked sixth, and there were only 10 Martial Ancestors; therefore, the name Little Eleventh is worth taking note of.”

Mu refuted, “That doesn’t mean anything.”

Yang Kai nodded, “You have a point, but there’s something you might not have realised. The last time I came, I asked you why you didn’t take control of the Profound Source Gate since it was so important. You told me you couldn’t go near the Profound Source Gate due to some reasons; however, you were the one who suppressed and sealed the Source pieces in the Profound Source Gate to begin with, so it was impossible that you couldn’t approach it. Therefore, I speculated you were not the one who couldn’t go near the Profound Source Gate; instead, it was someone else.”

Wu Kuang’s voice sounded in his mind at that moment, “Hey, you mean that Little Eleventh is…”

Yang Kai replied, “It was merely speculation before, but Mu’s reaction shows that it’s the truth.”

Instantly, Wu Kuang demanded, “Kill it!”

“If we could solve the problem by killing it, I don’t think Mu would have hesitated to do so. It’s not the crux of the problem; instead, it’s the Source that has been suppressed and sealed.”

“If you don’t give it a try, how will you know?”

“What if that only makes things worse?”

Wu Kuang fell silent, for that was indeed a possibility. In that case, they couldn’t act rashly.

As they spoke, Mu led Yang Kai to the backyard. She then took out two chairs so that they could have a seat.

“You’re a sharp one indeed,” Mu praised him, “Regardless, I didn’t intentionally hide it from you. It’s just that it wouldn’t be useful even if I told you about it.”

Yang Kai nodded, “It’s fine, Senior.”

Mu decided not to dwell on the topic and instead asked, “Why did you come back again? What happened?”

With a solemn expression, Yang Kai replied, “I went to the Black Ink Abyss and discovered something.”

A curious Mu said, “Go on.”

Since she wasn’t able to go near the Profound Source Gate, she didn’t know what the depths of the Black Ink Abyss looked like. All she knew was some common information.

Yang Kai proceeded to tell her what he had experienced in the Black Ink Abyss.

As Mu listened to him, her expression turned serious.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After Yang Kai finished speaking, she put on a helpless smile, “It seems that I wasn’t the only one who had left behind a hidden hand. Mo must have done the same.” 

She turned to look at Yang Kai, “As you can see, the Apostles possess powers that transcend the Immortal Ascension Boundary in the Black Ink Abyss, and they’re able to live there peacefully; however, once they leave the depths of the abyss, they’ll be killed by the World’s Will. That’s because this Universe World doesn’t allow anyone above the Immortal Ascension Boundary to exist, for that would cause too large a burden to the World.”

“As I thought.” Yang Kai nodded, “From what I’ve observed, there must be some kind of power in the Black Ink Abyss’ depths that shields it from the World’s Will. In other words, the bottom of the abyss has become a World of its own because of that power. Therefore, even though the Apostles possess strength above the Immortal Ascension Boundary, they’re still fine. However, once they leave the protective range of that power, the World’s Will notices their presence and turns hostile. Since their powers don’t come from their own cultivation, they’re highly unstable; as such, the Apostles are unable to bear even the mere hostility of the World’s Will and end up exploding.”

Upon hearing that, Mu nodded, “I agree.”

Yang Kai went on, “You’ve said that you were not the only one who had left behind a hidden hand as Mo had done the same. So, the problem is probably with its Source. Its Source allows the bottom of the abyss to accommodate power that is above the Immortal Ascension Boundary. I suppose it wants to use this method to protect its Source. It might even be its way of cracking the seal and helping its Source break free.”