Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

“Do you need any help?” Mu asked.

Yang Kai came looking for her in the middle of the night, so it was obvious that he needed something from her.

“I need to break through the Immortal Ascension Boundary; otherwise, I can’t go near the Profound Source Gate,” Yang Kai explained his purpose for the visit.

There were a lot of Apostles at the bottom of the Black Ink Abyss. Given Yang Kai’s current cultivation, he was unable to kill them. Although he had managed to eliminate some of them by luring them away from the bottom of the abyss, they probably wouldn’t fall for this trick again after that incident.

As such, he had to break through the Immortal Ascension Boundary so that he could kill all the Apostles and refine the Profound Source Gate.

His cultivation was suppressed by the World’s Will because Mu made the Immortal Ascension Boundary the limit; since she was able to help Yang Kai reach the Immortal Ascension Boundary, she naturally could help him reach a higher Realm.

“En,” Mu nodded upon hearing that, “Give me two days, and I’ll give you what you need.”

Yang Kai instantly realised this matter wasn’t easy for Mu either; otherwise, she wouldn’t have told him to wait for two days.

A while ago, she just had to point a finger at Yang Kai to help him reach the Immortal Ascension Boundary, but this time, she might have to pay a price.

She then turned around and entered the house while Yang Kai waited in the yard.

In the latter half of the night, Little Eleventh finally returned from playing outside. Since he hated Yang Kai, he pulled a face at him and dashed into the house.

Mu was heard singing to Little Eleventh, and soon, the young boy started snoring.

Little Eleventh stayed in the house for the next two days as he remained asleep the whole time. Obviously, Mu had done something to him.

Two days later, Mu stepped out of the house. When Yang Kai turned to look at her, he was shocked.

Although the woman was only a shadow of the real Mu, she always appeared to be a young woman in this World; however, barely two days had passed, yet all her hair had turned white. Although her face appeared the same, Yang Kai could feel that she had lost a lot of her vitality.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After taking a few steps forward, she already started panting.

Yang Kai quickly went over and supported her.

Mu gently leaned against the man and pointed at his chest, after which a dot of light entered his body.

Then, she said, “At the bottom of the Black Ink Abyss, this power can help you break through the Immortal Ascension Boundary’s shackles. Mo has done something there, so the World’s Will won’t detect your power; however, you can’t leave the Black Ink Abyss with this power.”

Her voice and aura were extremely weak, just like a dying old person. She even coughed as she spoke.

“I understand.” Yang Kai nodded firmly; then, he helped her take a seat and poured a cup of water for her.

Mu took a sip of water and rested for a bit before continuing, “You don’t have to make a move in a hurry. Just wait until the Black Ink Cult is destroyed. If you take action before that, there might be some unexpected complications.”

“Have you felt something, Senior?” Yang Kai asked.

Mu shook her head, “Mo is intelligent. Since it left behind such a hidden hand, it won’t be a simple one. It’s better to act carefully when possible.”

“Very well.”

“After you refine the Profound Source Gate and completely suppress the Source piece inside, you will leave this World and head to the next in the Space-Time River. Another Mu shadow will be waiting for you. Find her as soon as you can and she will continue helping you. Also, the Profound Source Gate is the key to suppressing Mo’s Source, so you mustn’t let anyone snatch it from you; otherwise, its Black Ink Strength will be restored, and no one will be a match for it.”

She kept giving him reminders, as though she was saying her last words. She was worried she wouldn’t have the chance to say such things if she didn’t do it now.

Yang Kai felt a lump in his throat as his eyes reddened.

Mu was one of the 10 Martial Ancestors. Although she passed away a long time ago, she had left behind hidden hands that would help protect her Juniors. Her shadows were waiting in different Universe Worlds; however, those shadows didn’t know if the person they were waiting for would even come. When she was planning all of this millions of years ago, Mu had no way of knowing whether it would all turn out to be pointless.

Nevertheless, the woman held on.

With a Senior like her, the Juniors naturally couldn’t just live in ignorance under her protection.

As though seeing through Yang Kai’s thoughts, Mu patted his hand and said with a smile, “I’m just a shadow. Since I’m not real, there’s no need for you to be sad; moreover, as long as the Space-Time River is still around, I won’t die.”

Yang Kai pulled himself together and said seriously, “You’ve done enough for us, Senior. Please get some rest and leave the rest to me.”

Hearing that, Mu nodded gently.

After bidding the woman farewell, Yang Kai set off on his journey again.

Not long after he was gone, Little Eleventh rubbed his eyes and stepped out of the room. Since he had been asleep for two days, his stomach started growling, and he was listless.

Just as he was about to speak, he saw Mu sitting there with all her hair turned white. At that moment, he was dumbfounded.

Mu flashed a smile and beckoned to him.

In an instant, Little Eleventh burst out crying as tears slid down his face. He dashed towards Mu and looked up at her, “What happened, Sixth Sister? Why has your hair turned white?”

“Don’t worry, I’m fine,” Mu placated him and wiped the tears from his eyes; however, they just wouldn’t stop streaming down his face.

Little Eleventh yelled, “Who did this to you?” Suddenly thinking of something, he widened his eyes, “It was that bad guy, right? It must be him!”

“Stop speaking nonsense. It wasn’t him,” Mu denied it.

“It must be him. I knew he was a bad guy!” While still crying, Little Eleventh appeared furious and his gaze was filled with resentment and wrath.

The next moment, a dark fog billowed from his figure and engulfed him.

In a cold voice, he declared, “I’ll kill him for hurting you!”

Saying so, he left the place in a hurry and picked up a wooden stick from beside the door. It was funny that a young boy like him was holding a wooden stick, but the aura exuded from his body was intimidating.

“Come back!” Mu didn’t manage to stop him. Just as she rose from the chair and was ready to chase after him though, she lost her footing and fell to the ground. She bellowed, “Why are you always so naughty? Do you want me to die from anger so badly?!”

Hearing the commotion behind, Little Eleventh turned around. When he saw Mu lying on the ground, the dark fog around him disappeared in an instant. He dropped the wooden stick and ran towards Mu before helping her up with difficulty. With his face covered in tears, he said, “I’ll be obedient, Sixth Sister. Please don’t get mad at me!”

Mu pulled him into her embrace with a sorrowful expression. A long time later, she whispered, “I’m sorry.”

Little Eleventh shook his head, “It’s all my fault. You don’t have to apologise to me.”

Hearing that, Mu fell silent for a moment before letting out a sigh.

When Little Eleventh wanted to kill Yang Kai with a wooden stick, an anomaly took place in the Black Ink Abyss.

A while ago, Yang Kai lured many Apostles from the bottom of the abyss and caused a commotion. Those from the Black Ink Cult were concerned, so they sent some Masters in to look into the matter in an attempt to find out what happened.

Those from the Black Ink Cult had always wanted to contact the Apostles to figure out how to break through the Immortal Ascension Boundary; however, the Apostles never left their place, so there was never a chance to do so.

Now, they had gone to war with the Light Spirit Religion; therefore, when they heard about the news in the Black Ink Abyss, they quickly came over and looked into the matter.

Nevertheless, they had asked the members who cultivated inside the abyss, but none of them could provide any useful information.

They only knew that a Third-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary Master had disappeared.

Presently, these Masters were scattered around the abyss. As they were wondering just what they were supposed to do, they suddenly heard a series of growls and howls from the depths. Following that, horrifying auras were felt rising rapidly.

Instantly, these Masters became both shocked and doubtful as they looked intently towards the bottom.

Soon, many gigantic figures emerged from the darkness and came into their sight.

“It’s the Apostles!” Exclaimed an Immortal Ascension Boundary Master.

They had been trying to contact the Apostles this whole time, but to no avail. Much to their surprise, the legendary beings appeared before their eyes in such a way.

However, their pleasant surprise was momentary, for they soon realised something was off. These Apostles were filled with murderous intent, as though someone or something had deeply offended them. They appeared eager to leave the Black Ink Abyss and devour the entire world.

Seeing that, the Black Ink Cult Masters were terrified.

Before they could react, the Apostles suddenly stopped in their tracks and fell back into the abyss.

Only their growls were faintly heard.

At the same time, a voice seemed to be resonating in the hearts of these Black Ink Cult Masters.

They fell into a dazed state in an instant and looked longingly towards the darkness below, as though there was something fatally attractive to them down there.

Without hesitation, a figure fell into the darkness boldly.

Then, more and more people did the same until half of the Masters disappeared into the abyss. Only a small number of them managed to retain their sanity. Realising that something was amiss, they quickly moved upwards to get rid of the voice in their hearts.

Their investigation turned out to be a disaster and they had paid a huge price as a result. Dozens of Immortal Ascension Boundary Masters dove deeper into the abyss and disappeared.

..…

Back on the battlefield, the stalemate between the two sides lasted for a few days before the Light Spirit Religion gained the upper hand over the Black Ink Cult.

That was because whenever the Spirit Religion was faced with a formidable opponent, the latter would be assassinated.

The City Lord of North River City was the first to fall.

He was a Third-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary Master, so those from the Light Spirit Religion should have paid a huge price if they wanted to conquer North River City.

Nevertheless, the City Lord was suddenly killed one night.

No one knew who the culprit was, nor did anyone hear the noise of a fight. A Third-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary Master died mysteriously.

It wasn’t until the soldiers from the Light Spirit Religion launched an attack on the city that those from the Black Ink Cult discovered the City Lord’s headless corpse.

Since the City Lord was killed, the Black Ink Cult’s morale plunged as many Masters ran away. It didn’t take the Light Spirit Religion much effort to occupy North River City.

Similar things happened in many subsequent battles. More and more Black Ink Cult Masters were killed, causing those who were still alive to shiver in fear.

It wasn’t until a certain Master was killed that they realised who the culprit was.