Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

“What’s with that little girl?” Shan Qing Luo asked as her beautiful eyes peered around the building.

“Her and I have some complicated origins. She was the one who saved me a while ago.” Yang Kai explained casually.

“Have you made a move on her yet?” Shan Qing Luo squinted slightly, her mouth curling into an ambiguous smile.

“What do you think I am some kind of beast?” Yang Kai rolled his eyes, his expression quickly becoming serious, “How is the Central Capital?”

“Everything is fine, except for the fact that you are missing. Moreover, a few people who are close to you also disappeared. Many people wanted to find them in order to ask about your situation but when they were unable to find any of them they became concerned.”

Yang Kai nodded lightly, this situation had apparently developed within his expectations.

Seeing Yang Kai’s expression not containing much sadness, Shan Qing Luo quickly understood. The others who had close relationships with him likely hadn’t died and were simply missing, otherwise Yang Kai’s demeanor wouldn’t be so relaxed.

“That day... What happened beneath the Central Capital? What happened to Yang Bai?” Shan Qing Luo hesitated before asking nervously.

“It’s a long story,” Yang Kai replied with a forced smile, not wanting to say any more right now, “As for Yang Bai, he’s already dead.”

“Dead?” Shan Qing Luo’s pair of enchanting eyes flashed with joy and excitement.

“Good, I watched him die with my own eyes.” Yang Kai grinned.

Bi Luo clenched her hands into fists and excitedly shouted, “Wonderful!”

“Since Yang Bai died and you survived, why didn’t you return to the Central Capital this past half a year but instead stayed here?” Shan Qing Luo stared towards Yang Kai faintly, “What are you trying to avoid?”

“I’m not avoiding anything,” Yang Kai shook his head and stated calmly, “If I went back to the Central Capital right away, everything there would fall under my command. Qiu Yi Meng and the others would regard me as their leader without any question and wouldn’t step up to express their own opinions. But if I’m not there, all of them can display their own abilities to the fullest as the new leaders of the Eight Great Families.”

Moreover, Yang Kai also needed some time to sort through his own thoughts and decide his next course of action, so he had been idling here in the Endless Sea Islands for half a year.

“Do you want to fade out the sights of those in the Central Capital?” Shan Qing Luo asked thoughtfully, understanding some of the meaning in Yang Kai’s words.

“You could say that,” Yang Kai didn’t deny it, “Because I’m afraid I’ll be leaving this place soon, so I don’t want them to become too reliant on me. Once I’m gone, such dependence won’t do them any good.”

“Where do you plan on going?” The Beguiling Demon Queen suddenly became nervous. She didn’t know why, but she instinctively felt that when Yang Kai left this time, she would never be able to meet him here again, causing her heart to fill with sorrow and grief.

“When the time comes, I’ll tell you,” Yang Kai smiled faintly, “But since you’ve found me today, I should go back to the Central Capital and take a look at it.”

Saying so, he suddenly turned his eyes to the side and called out, “Elder Han, since you’ve already come, you might as well show yourself.”

Shan Qing Luo also flashed an enchanting smile as she turned her beautiful eyes towards the same direction and stared calmly.

Han Chao had been here for quite some time having arrived at almost exactly the same time as Shan Qing Luo; however, a breathtakingly stunning woman like Shan Qing Luo suddenly appearing on Ancient Cloud Island undetected had caused Han Chao to become a little vigilant, so he secretly hid himself nearby in order to spy on her.

He wanted to at least uncover the identity of Shan Qing Luo before showing himself.

However, obviously she had long ago noticed his presence.

Han Chao was shocked, immediately realizing that the strength of this young woman was actually much higher than his own; how else would she have easily detected him? Without any hesitation, he leapt from his hiding spot and tried to escape. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the same time, he loudly shouted, intending to send out a warning to the rest of the island.

Yang Kai looked helplessly towards Shan Qing Luo and nodded.

Giggling lightly, Shan Qing Luo gently lifted her hand and pointed a delicate finger towards Han Chao, sending out a thread of silk that instantly wrapped around him as he tried to fly away.

*Peng...* Han Chao quickly fell to the ground, his True Qi completely sealed. Scrambling up from the dirt in the next moment, his eyes trembled violently as they stared towards Shan Qing Luo in terror, crying out in a hoarse voice, “Above Immortal Ascension Boundary?”

Han Chao was an Immortal Ascension Boundary Seventh Stage cultivator, so even a Peak Immortal Ascension Boundary master wouldn’t be able to completely disable him with a single attack. Only someone who had broken through to the Above Immortal Ascension Boundary could accomplish this!

Han Chao wasn’t stupid so he immediately guessed what Shan Qing Luo’s true cultivation was.

His heart quickly flooded with fear, he had no idea what reasons this incredibly powerful otherworldly beauty had for suddenly coming to Ancient Cloud Island.

Yang Kai walked over and stood a good ten meters away from him, staring towards him casually.

“Let him go.” Yang Kai calmly asked the Beguiling Demon Queen.

Shan Qing Luo smiled charmingly and with a quick flick of her wrist untied the spider silk that was binding Han Chao.

Han Chao stared towards Shan Qing Luo with a stern look for a moment, but not sensing any hostility from her he relaxed slightly and politely asked, “Your Excellency, what brings you to my Ancient Cloud Island?”

“She came here looking for me,” Yang Kai replied, “Elder Han doesn’t need to be nervous. She won’t bring any harm to Ancient Cloud Island.”

“Looking for you?” Han Chao was dumbstruck, sweeping his eyes over the seemingly common youth in front of him, unable to wrap his head around the situation for quite a while.

Since entering Ancient Cloud Island, Yang Kai had always seemed like a common mortal with no trace of cultivation so Han Chao had readily believed he was just an ordinary fisherman. It was only because Zhong Miao begged him that he allowed Yang Kai to live on Ancient Cloud Island while taking care of his peacocks, so he had never imagined that such a person would suddenly be sought out by an Above Immortal Ascension Boundary master.

And right now, this Above Immortal Ascension Boundary master even seemed to be quite obedient towards him!

[Who is he?] Hao Chao couldn’t help asking himself

As he stared towards Yang Kai, Han Chao suddenly felt as if he saw a grand mountain shrouded in mist behind him, simultaneously exuding a suffocating pressure and air of mystery.

Just as he was about to open his mouth again to speak, the sound of clothes flapping in the wind resounded. Han Chao’s earlier shout had alerted many others on Ancient Cloud Island and Island Lord Gu Feng and several other Elders had rapidly rushed over.

Gu Feng was a tall, burly man with a strong physique and a valiant face. He was a Peak Immortal Ascension master while the other Elders who accompanied him were mostly Immortal Ascension Boundary Eighth or Ninth Stage cultivators.

These people were the most powerful masters on Ancient Cloud Island and were its true foundation.

“Elder Han, what happened?” Gu Feng landed quickly and immediately asked, the other Elders also wearing faces filled with curiosity and vigilance.

But before Han Chao could reply, Gu Feng suddenly caught sight of Shan Qing Luo and cried out in shock, “Can such a beautiful woman truly exist?”

Not only was Gu Feng thoroughly stunned, all the other Elders also felt like they were hit by a wave of vertigo, such was the power of Shan Qing Luo’s charm, as long as it was a man, he would be unable to resist.

After blurting out these dumbstruck words, Gu Feng laughed heartily, “Where did Elder Han find her? This Island Master will gladly accept her into his room as his concubine.”

Saying so, he rushed over towards Shan Qing Luo.

“Island Master, you must not!” Han Chao’s face instantly drained of all colour and desperately tried to stop Gu Feng.

*Peng...*

A muffled sound rang out and before anyone could react, Gu Feng was sent hurtling through the air, a panic stricken scream leaking from his lips all the way until he fell into the nearby sea, causing a great splash as he hit the surface.

No one understood how Gu Feng was attacked, all they had seen was Shan Qing Luo’s hand flicker slightly before he was sent flying.

“Above Immortal Ascension Boundary!?” The other gathered Elders cried out in shock, their dazed looks suddenly filling with fear, none of them daring to underestimate the young woman standing before them anymore.

Han Chao’s mouth remained open as he stared towards the point where Gu Feng fell into the water, cold sweat once again pouring down his forehead.

Finished! Their Island Lord had actually sexually harassed an Above Immortal Ascension Boundary master. Today, Ancient Cloud Island would see rivers of blood flow to the Endless Sea.

“Several Seniors, if anyone here dares to harbor improper intentions towards my woman again, they won’t simply be sent flying!” Yang Kai stepped forward and glared at the other Ancient Cloud Island masters coldly.

Through his violently chattering teeth, Han Chao somehow managed to regain his senses and hurriedly said, “We understand!”

At the same time, the doubts in his heart became even more intense; this seemingly ordinary youth had actually declared that this woman who was both a stunning beauty and a top level powerhouse was actually his woman and the other party didn’t make any attempt to deny it, what exactly was this situation?

Quietly stealing a peak at Shan Qing Luo, Han Chao discovered to his amazement that she was actually beaming with happiness.

“If this old Han may ask, for what reason has Your Excellency come to my Ancient Cloud Island?” Han Chao pushed down his fear as best he could and asked. This youth had already quietly lingered on Ancient Cloud Island for six months and had only revealed his true identity now. What was he planning? What did Ancient Cloud Island possess that could attract such great characters?

The other Elders were also quite perturbed and extremely worried about Yang Kai’s purpose here. They were so nervous that they didn’t even have the courage to rescue currently drowning Gu Feng from the sea.

“After suffering some serious injuries, I simply ended up on Ancient Cloud Island by coincidence, so Elder Han can rest assured I have no ill intentions here.” Yang Kai replied, hesitating for a moment before continuing, “En, well now that things have developed to this point, I need to see Li Yuan Chun, who among you can help me send him a message?”

“Li Yuan Chun?” Han Chao knit his brow for a moment before calling out in surprise, “Supreme Solitary Sect’s Senior Li?”

“En, he should have already returned to Supreme Solitary Sect. Or had he not?” Yang Kai asked.

“One month after the end of the war, when no trace of you could be found, Li Yuan Chun and the others from the Endless Sea Islands left the Central Capital.” Shan Qing Luo replied softly.

“En, good.” Yang Kai nodded slightly and turned his eyes towards Han Chao.

Han Chao quickly wiped the sweat from his forehead and nervously said, “Your Excellency, please forgive this Han’s disrespect but without even knowing your true identity, how are we to get Senior Li to meet with you? What’s more, Supreme Solitary Sect is the greatest force in the Endless Sea Islands as is not somewhere any of us can enter freely, and amongst all the members of Supreme Solitary Sect, Senior Li had the highest of ranks, I’m afraid... I’m afraid it would be difficult for anyone from Ancient Cloud Island to even be granted an audience with Senior Li. If Your Excellency already has a relationship with Senior Li, why not go to Supreme Solitary Sect in person?”

Although he was speaking politely, his intent to send Yang Kai away as quickly as possible was obvious.

“Just tell him that Yang Kai wants to see him! Whether he decides to come or not is his business.”

“Not leaving yet?” Shan Qing Luo glanced at him and narrowed her eyes ever so slightly.

“Yes yes, right away...” Han Chao broke into a sprint before leaping into the air and soaring off towards Supreme Solitary Sect.

The sense of oppression he received here was too strong and everything that was being said was far beyond Han Chao’s ability to understand so given the option to flee, he naturally took it.

Speeding along, the cold wind blowing against him made Han Chao realize just how soaked with sweat his clothes were.

After Han Chao left, the remaining Elders all quickly exchanged glances with one another, one of the more eloquent ones soon stepping forward, “Before Elder Han returns, perhaps Your Excellency would like to rest a while in the main temple hall? It will give us an opportunity to fulfill our responsibilities as hosts.”

“En,” Yang Kai nodded gently.

“Please lead the way!”