Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5959: Victory

The Black Ink Cult was divided into Eight Chapters, which were Heaven, Earth, Profound, Dawn, Night, Space, Flood, and Barren.

Each of the Chapter Masters was among the most powerful cultivators in the World. Their strength was unrivalled, but due to the limits in this World, they were unable to break through the Immortal Ascension Boundary.

Although all of them were at the peak Immortal Ascension Boundary, it didn’t mean they were equally powerful. Some were stronger than others.

Among the Eight Chapter Masters, Yu Bu Zhou, the Heaven Chapter Master, was acknowledged to be the most powerful.

It was said that he was born with a Special Constitution, and he had cultivated an amazing Secret Art; therefore, even though he had been stuck at the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary for years, his power still increased steadily.

Since the Eight Chapter Masters had engaged in life-and-death battles with the Masters from the Light Spirit Religion, they were replaced frequently. There would be all new Chapter Masters every 20 to 30 years on average.

However, over the last 100 years, Yu Bu Zhou had managed to hold on to his position as the Heaven Chapter Master, with no one capable of challenging him. Whenever he fought the Masters from the Light Spirit Religion, he would always end up being the winner.

The Earth Chapter Master had contended with him before, and he was defeated in three moves, which went to show how formidable Yu Bu Zhou was.

Nevertheless, such a Master was attacked.

When the fight took place, the Black Ink Cult members thought the Light Spirit Religion had launched a sneak attack on them, but when they arrived at the scene, they were dumbfounded.

That was because on the battlefield, Yu Bu Zhou, who was fully pushing his aura, was locked in an intense fight with an alluring figure.

The woman was surrounded by a blood mist, but despite the distance, all could smell the metallic tinge wafting from her.

The person battling Yu Bu Zhou was none other than the Night Chapter Master, Xue Ji!

At that moment, no one knew why the two Chapter Masters were engaged in such an intense battle; nonetheless, when Yu Bu Zhou claimed that Xue Ji was a traitor, their expressions changed drastically.

As of late, many Black Ink Cult Masters had been assassinated, but they couldn’t find any traces at the scenes; therefore, they had no idea who the culprit was. With that said, the Black Ink Cult Masters were not fools, so they realised that there was a traitor on their side.

The traitor had to be the one who secretly killed the other Black Ink Cult Masters; however, none of them had expected the traitor to be the Night Chapter Master.

As such, when Yu Bu Zhou made such a claim, many still couldn’t believe it.

Nevertheless, they soon saw something even more unbelievable, for Yu Bu Zhou, who was believed to be the most powerful cultivator in the Black Ink Cult, was at a clear disadvantage in his fight against Xue Ji.

Faced with the woman’s overbearing methods, Yu Bu Zhou was powerless to counterattack.

No one ever imagined that Xue Ji was so powerful.

The Black Ink Cult Masters at the scene wanted to stop them. Regardless of the truth, the two Chapter Masters shouldn’t try to kill each other. They could find out if Xue Ji was the traitor later; however, the moment they made a move, four figures emerged from the darkness and stopped them.

They instantly recognised that these people were Xue Ji’s Blood Slaves, whose names were Chi, Mei, Wang, and Liang.

They were orphans who had been following Xue Ji since they were children. Xue Ji taught them the Blood Dao and planted a Secret Technique in their bodies, ensuring that their powers would increase in tandem with her. Therefore, the bond between Xue Ji and her slaves was unbreakable.

The four Blood Slaves were supposed to be in the Second-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary because their Master, Xue Ji, was in the Third-Order. Their cultivation couldn’t surpass her own.

Nonetheless, at this moment, all were awestruck by the powers that the Blood Slaves showcased.

That was because the Blood Slaves were already in the Third-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary.

Furthermore, they had been living together since young, and they had mastered many Combined Attack Techniques. As they joined forces, they were able to stop more than 20 Black Ink Cult Masters from moving forward.

With no one getting in her way, Xue Ji became increasingly ruthless. Yu Bu Zhou was covered in blood, and it seemed that he would lose his life at any moment.

At the most critical moment, he roared as thick Black Ink Strength billowed from his body and engulfed him in an instant.

Following that, his body started swelling as sarcomas appeared on his figure. He stank terribly, and his aura soon broke through the Immortal Ascension Boundary’s shackles and reached an entirely new Realm.

An unsuspecting Xue Ji was struck by his fist, and she almost exploded.

However, Yu Bu Zhou was only able to make one move because after his aura broke through the Immortal Ascension Boundary’s shackles, the World’s Will started targeting him.

He howled in pain as his body continued swelling until he exploded into a blood mist, not even leaving scraps of his corpse behind.

In an instant, thick Black Ink Strength swept out.

The fight sent a shockwave across the entire World. The powerful Heaven Chapter Master was attacked by the Night Chapter Master. The Heaven Chapter Master only managed to defeat the other party by transforming into an Apostle.

Nevertheless, he paid a terrible price, for not long after he transformed into an Apostle, he was destroyed by the World’s Will.

Meanwhile, Xue Ji went missing, and her Blood Slaves fled amidst the chaos.

The mess they left behind made the Black Ink Cult Masters feel heartbroken.

Apart from Yu Bu Zhou’s amazing power, they were more concerned about Xue Ji’s cultivation.

According to the witnesses at the scene, Yu Bu Zhou was totally suppressed by Xue Ji. If not for the fact that he was at a complete disadvantage and that his life was already at stake, he wouldn’t have been forced to transform into an Apostle.

In other words, Xue Ji was significantly more powerful than Yu Bu Zhou.

It was inconceivable.

Although Xue Ji could be considered one of the most powerful cultivators in the World, she wasn’t comparable to Yu Bu Zhou, especially in a frontal clash. How did she manage to gain the upper hand, then?

Also, the Blood Slaves’ cultivation indirectly proved how powerful Xue Ji was.

The Blood Slaves were closely tied to Xue Ji as their strength would always grow in tandem with hers. Furthermore, their cultivation would never surpass that of Xue Ji.

When Xue Ji was in the Third-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary back then, the four Blood Slaves were only in the Second-Order.

Nevertheless, the powers they showcased during the battle proved that they were already in the Third-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary.

The truth was revealed before everyone’s eyes.

Xue Ji wanted to kill Yu Bu Zhou in secret, but due to the latter’s incredible heritage, she wasn’t able to achieve her goal. A battle then broke out, after which the Black Ink Cult Masters arrived and witnessed the fight.

After looking into the matter, they realised that when the Black Ink Cult members were killed back then, there were traces of Xue Ji or her Blood Slaves appearing nearby.

When the City Lord of North River City was killed, Xue Ji was in the city.

However, no one doubted her at that time.

There was no denying that Xue Ji had betrayed the Black Ink Cult, but no one knew why the Night Chapter Master decided to do so.

When those from the Light Spirit Religion got wind of it, they were equally puzzled. They initially thought that it was some fake news spread by the Black Ink Cult.

Only Li Fei Yu, who had been working closely with Xue Ji in secret, knew that it wasn’t misinformation. All of those things had indeed happened.

All the same, she was shocked that Xue Ji was even more powerful than she had imagined. On that night, she already realised that she was no longer a match for Xue Ji, but she didn’t expect the woman to be able to kill Yu Bu Zhou.

The piece of news was eventually verified to be true, and the Light Spirit Religion’s Managers celebrated.

Initially, Yu Bu Zhou was the biggest obstacle to the Spirit Religion’s crusade. Even the Eight Order Lords didn’t have the confidence to defeat him. Although the Holy Son was powerful, he was still young and inexperienced; therefore, he couldn’t possibly defeat Yu Bu Zhou.

Much to their surprise, Xue Ji had removed this obstacle for them.

At that moment, those from the Spirit Religion saw Xue Ji in a different light, thinking that she must have come to her senses and decided to side with them to save the World.

They started looking for Xue Ji, and those from the Black Ink Cult were doing the same; however, after the fight that night, Xue Ji and her Blood Slaves went missing, as though they had vanished into thin air.

They were adept at killing people in secret as they were the best assassins in the World; therefore, they were able to disguise and hide themselves impeccably.

If they wanted to disappear, no one could find them.

There was no doubt that Xue Ji was recuperating. Yu Bu Zhou’s attack was immensely powerful after he turned into an Apostle, so although Xue Ji had survived, she must be badly injured.

As such, she couldn’t kick up a storm in a short time.

Or so those from the Black Ink Cult thought.

In truth, the assassinations continued happening in an even more efficient manner.

In just several days, more than 20 Black Ink Cult Masters were killed, each of them in charge of different battlefields.

After their deaths, the Black Ink Cult soldiers became virtually leaderless. Those from the Spirit Religion seized the chance and marched forward. They initially had to pay a price to win the fights, but now, they could achieve their goals with ease.

Six days after Yu Bu Zhou was killed, another shocking incident occurred that unnerved the Black Ink Cult Masters.

That was because another Chapter Master was killed inside the Black Ink Cult’s main camp.

No one saw who made the move, they only felt an immense power erupt inside the largest tent before disappearing. When nearby Black Ink Cult members came over to investigate, all they saw was the Chapter Master had been decapitated.

The murderer entered and left the camp without anyone noticing, as though they were a ghost.

The Black Ink Cult Masters at the scene were horrified as they felt cold sweat gather all over their bodies. They felt as though an invisible blade was resting on their necks, ready to reap their heads at any moment.

Following the incident, the Black Ink Cult’s morale collapsed.

Since those in leadership roles were being targeted, no one dared to step up to take charge, for that would only make them the targets for the assassin.

As more and more Chapter Masters were killed, the Immortal Ascension Boundary Masters from the Black Ink Cult started running away.

The soldiers, who had been contending with the Light Spirit Religion, became leaderless in an instant. Without any Masters in charge, they couldn’t put up a decent fight.

In contrast, those from the Light Spirit Religion were more united than ever. As they continued to win more battles, they became increasingly assertive and high-spirited.

At this point, there was no mystery as to who the winner would be.

Now, those from the Light Spirit Religion just had to kill as many Black Ink Cultists as possible.

They initially expected the war to last for several years, but the dust settled in barely a month.

One month after those from the Light Spirit Religion set off from Dawn City, they managed to surround the Black Ink Abyss. It could be said that the Spirit Religion was in control of 99% of the World now. Only a few of the Black Ink Cult Masters remained around the Black Ink Abyss, still obstinately resisting.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates