Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5960: Following Orders

The war was intense as the remaining Masters of the Black Ink Cult stubbornly persevered; however, there was a huge gap between the two sides now. A lot of Black Ink Cult Masters had lost their lives in just the last month, so how were the rest supposed to be a match for the Light Spirit Religion?

As the Light Spirit Religion’s soldiers marched forward, those from the Black Ink Cult were left with limited space to live.

Eventually, some of them could no longer bear the pressure, so they turned to look at the Black Ink Abyss.

Rather than waiting for death, they decided to dive into the Black Ink Abyss and seek a chance to survive.

However, when the Black Ink Cult Masters with this plan in mind reached the Black Ink Abyss, they realised several figures were already waiting there.

The person in front was an alluring woman with a curvy figure.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The woman was painting her nails with some liquid made from flowers, making them look as red as blood. She appeared at ease and was even humming some unknown tune.

As the wind whistled, this sight beside the bottomless Black Ink Abyss was quite eerie.

“Xue Ji!” Someone exclaimed.

The person blocking their way was none other than the Night Chapter Master, Xue Ji, who had been missing for quite a while. She disappeared after the fight with Yu Bu Zhou, and no one knew where she had gone.

Nevertheless, Yu Bu Zhou’s last attack before his death was powerful, so everyone assumed that Xu Ji was badly injured and had to recuperate somewhere in secret.

They didn’t expect the woman to be waiting just next to the Black Ink Abyss.

Of course, she was not alone. Standing behind her were Chi, Mei, Wang, and Liang, her Blood Slaves. They remained silent and stood there with dispassionate expressions, but no one would underestimate them.

That was because the four of them were in the Third-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary.

Back then, the four of them had stopped more than 20 Immortal Ascension Boundary Masters in their tracks.

Just then, a Black Ink Cult Master emerged from the crowd and looked at Xue Ji, “Have you betrayed us, Senior Xue Ji?”

Xue Ji continued tending to her nails as she replied impassively without lifting her head, “Nonsense. Where did you hear it from?”

The person didn’t expect Xue Ji to deny the charge, but he still said furiously, “Since you didn’t betray us, why did you kill so many of our people? You even murdered Senior Yu Bu Zhou. If not… If not…” He was so agitated that he couldn’t finish his sentence.

If not for the fact that Xue Ji had been killing their people in secret, the Black Ink Cult wouldn’t have been defeated so swiftly. Over the past month, too many Black Ink Cult Masters had been assassinated while the death of Yu Bu Zhou had an especially big impact on their strength and morale.

“Well…” When Xue Ji was done with her manicure, she spread her fingers and had a look. Nevertheless, she didn’t seem satisfied as she said with a frown, “I’m just following orders.”

“What do you mean?” All of them were shocked.

Xue Ji could be said to be the most powerful cultivator in the World now, so who could even give her orders?

The woman swept a glance over them and instantly realised their intention, “I suggest that you don’t try entering the Black Ink Abyss.”

The person who spoke earlier furrowed his brow, “Are you here to stop all of us from entering the Black Ink Abyss?”

In response, Xue Ji nodded.

“Why?” Asked the person angrily.

Those from the Light Spirit Religion had surrounded the Black Ink Abyss, so diving into the abyss was their only chance to survive. Much to their surprise, Xue Ji got in the way.

“As I said, I’m just following orders,” Xue Ji replied.

Seeing that the woman repeated her words, the person asked grimly, “May I know who has been giving you orders, Senior?”

Xue Ji shook her head, “There’s no need for you to know.” After interacting with that certain someone for a while, she came to realise that his existence was probably taboo in this World; therefore, she felt it best to keep his existence a secret.

“What if we insist on entering the Black Ink Abyss?” Someone stepped forward just then. He was afraid of Xue Ji as well, but he believed they could still achieve their goal since they had many people on their side.

Xue Ji took a look at him, and her figure seemed to blur the next moment. When her body solidified again, she raised her hands and glanced at her red nails. With a smile, she nodded and said, “This colour really is the best!”

The smell of blood permeated the air.

The crowd instantly realised that something was off, and when they turned to look at the person who spoke earlier, they saw him covering his chest with his hands. His face had turned pale as he staggered before collapsing to the ground.

Blood spurted from his wound and dyed the ground red.

A Second-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary Master was killed just like that, with no one even seeing how Xue Ji made a move.

“Go back, now,” Xue Ji muttered.

Despite her calm and casual tone, all of them stepped back in horror. Even the two Chapter Masters present didn’t dare to deal with her directly.

After hesitating for a moment, the two Chapter Masters waved their hands and declared, “Let’s go.”

They led the Black Ink Cult Masters back the way they came.

Initially, they believed that diving into the Black Ink Abyss would be a way out for them, but now, it seemed that they had no choice but to try breaking through the Light Spirit Religion’s siege.

As Xue Ji watched the Black Ink Cult Masters leave, she stretched her back and looked down at the Black Ink Abyss.

Her Master told her to stay there and stop anyone from entering the Black Ink Abyss; therefore, she had to execute his command no matter what. As for killing those people, she was too lazy to make a move, so she would just let the Light Spirit Religion deal with them.

She thought that she had done a good job so far, so she decided to ask her Master for a reward when she saw him again.

At that moment, she couldn’t help licking her lip.

The auras of the four Blood Slaves swayed slightly behind Xue Ji as she said dispassionately, “Go on.”

The four of them instantly charged forward and surrounded the dead Black Ink Cult Master before casting their Secret Techniques. Soon, a blood mist billowed from his corpse as the Blood Slaves devoured everything.

In the past, Xue Ji wouldn’t miss the Blood Essence of a Second-Order Immortal Ascension Boundary Master; after all, the more Blood Essence she refined, the more powerful she became.

However, after getting several rewards from her Master, she was no longer interested in the Blood Essence of ordinary cultivators.

Now, her only wish was that her Master would give her one drop of his true Blood Essence one day.

The war intensified while the battle inside the Black Ink Abyss commenced.

After leaving Dawn City, Yang Kai didn’t head straight to the Black Ink Abyss; instead, he secretly killed many Black Ink Cult Masters to clear the obstacles for the Light Spirit Religion’s campaign. He also found Xue Ji, who was recuperating, and he lent her a helping hand.

If not for Yang Kai’s assistance, Xue Ji wouldn’t have recovered in just a few days after she was struck by Yu Bu Zhou, who had turned into an Apostle.

This made the woman feel even more grateful towards Yang Kai.

Presently, Yang Kai was running for his life at the bottom of the Black Ink Abyss as the Apostles came at him in all directions.

He was still at the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary; however, a warm stream was moving around in his entire figure as it melted away the shackles restricting him.

This was the power given to him by Mu, and it could also be considered the essence of the World’s Will that could help shatter the Immortal Ascension Boundary’s shackles and help the cultivator reach the next Realm.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai couldn’t use this power as he pleased as it was only allowed in this place.

That was because Mo had left behind a hidden hand here. The Source piece sealed in the Profound Source Gate allowed the bottom of the Black Ink Abyss to form a Self-Contained World. In this place, even though the Apostles acquired powers that transcended the Immortal Ascension Boundary, they wouldn’t attract the hostility of the World’s Will.

That was the reason the Apostles had never left the Black Ink Abyss.

Although they had lost their sentience, they still had their instincts and knew that they would only be safe by staying in the Black Ink Abyss.

Previously, they were infuriated by Yang Kai, so they chased after him as the latter left the Black Ink Abyss. Nevertheless, as soon as they crossed the boundary of life and death, they were instantly killed.

With so many Apostles chasing after one, any ordinary Immortal Ascension Boundary Master would’ve been doomed; however, Yang Kai had a powerful heritage and incredible methods. His figure was elusive as he managed to survive in the hostile environment.

The speed of the warm stream quickened as Yang Kai’s aura rose rapidly. The shackles that restrained his power started loosening.

There came a moment when he felt light all of a sudden, as though he had broken through his limits.

His aura became violent as an air blast swept across the place.

From the Immortal Ascension Boundary, he made it to the Transcendent Realm!

To the cultivators in this independent World, it was a dream they had been longing to grasp for as long as anyone could remember; however, to Yang Kai, it was just experiencing a Realm he had reached before for the second time.

He suddenly stopped in his tracks and turned around as his spear radiated a cold light. The power of the Transcendent Realm swirled around the weapon. Just then, an Apostle leapt into the air and pounced on Yang Kai, who raised his spear and thrust it into the opponent’s eye.

The head exploded with a boom as Yang Kai retracted his spear and pushed it out again. At that instant, his spear shadows swept across the abyss like a torrent.

The Apostles exploded in mid-air as their powerful auras dissipated one after another.

With the foundation of a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, Yang Kai could easily kill these Apostles, who had lost their sentience, as long as they were in the same Realm.

Blood spread across the ground as Black Ink Strength surged. Yang Kai remained in the same spot as he repeatedly thrust and retracted his spear. Soon, he was surrounded by many carcasses.

Over the years, countless Apostles were created in the Black Ink Abyss. If no one killed them, their number would continue to increase as time passed. Nevertheless, they were now being killed off by Yang Kai using his spear.

The spear soon broke in half. It was a weapon Yang Kai took from a Black Ink Cult Master, so it naturally couldn’t bear such an intense fight for long.

Despite having no weapon, Yang Kai still had his fists. Although his Dragon Vein had been suppressed, the power he could access increased after he ascended to the Transcendent Realm.

More and more Apostles collapsed to the ground.

There came a moment when Yang Kai stood above a mountain of carcasses with no more living creatures around him.

He shook the blood off his hands and stepped down from the mountain of corpses.

It was dead silent in the depths of the Black Ink Abyss, with no more Apostles around to growl and howl.

Yang Kai identified the appropriate direction and headed straight towards the Profound Source Gate.

In the meantime, the war above had come to an end. Those from the Light Spirit Religion had surrounded the entire area, and given the difference between their powers, those from the Black Ink Cult were helpless to counterattack as they were quickly killed off.

Everyone cheered for the Holy Son and chanted his name.

At that moment, his reputation reached an unprecedented level.

The citizens of the Primordial World had been oppressed and tortured by the Black Ink Cult for a long time, and while the Spirit Religion had been fighting them for many years, they hadn’t been able to destroy them. 

Nevertheless, one month after the Holy Son was made known to the public, he led the Spirit Religion to destroy the greatest evil in the World; just as what was described in the prophecy. The Holy Son was indeed incredible.