Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5961: Profound Source Gate

The young Holy Son didn’t know what to do. After Si Kong Nan brought him back to the Spirit Religion, he started cultivating in secret and didn’t come into contact with the outside world for 10 years. The moment he was made known to the public, he had to lead the Light Spirit Religion’s soldiers to launch the final battle against the Black Ink Cult, just like the saviour described in the prophecy.

It could be said that he was still puzzled as to what was going on, but it didn’t stop him from enjoying the victory after an intense battle.

As everyone looked at him, he raised his hand and balled up a fist.

In an instant, all of them stopped cheering and stared fixedly at him.

He then shouted, “May the light prevail!”

After a moment of silence, the crowd cheered even louder.

Standing in front of them, the Saintess and Li Fei Yu exchanged glances and smiled.

Initially, they decided to make the fake Holy Son known to the public so that the Light Spirit Religion would have a reason to launch a war. After coming into contact with him though, they realised he was a pure-hearted and kind person.

Such a person, coupled with his military achievements, was good enough to be the Holy Son. Certainly, the real Holy Son, who had been taking action in secret, wouldn’t mind it.

“Holy Son,” the Thunder Order Lord, Yu Dao Chi, stepped forward, “Although we’ve killed most of the Black Ink Cult members, some remaining ones are in front of the Black Ink Abyss. Please go over and have a look to determine their life or death.”

The Holy Son asked curiously, “Are some of the Black Ink Cult members still alive?”

Yu Dao Chi replied, “They’re the Night Chapter Master Xue Ji and her four Blood Slaves.”

“It’s her,” the Holy Son nodded gently, “Certainly, I have to meet her. I heard that she had assassinated many Black Ink Cult Masters, including Yu Bu Zhou. If not for her help, we wouldn’t have been able to win the war so easily.”

Regardless of what Xue Ji was like in the past, she had made a huge contribution to the fight against the Black Ink Cult; therefore, the young Holy Son was fond of her and thought that he should thank her in person.

With the Holy Son and the Saintess leading the way, the Spirit Religion Masters set off towards the Black Ink Abyss.

When they arrived, they realised the atmosphere was both gloomy and tense.

Xue Ji and her Blood Slaves stood there in silence while some Spirit Religion Masters confronted them.

When the Masters from the Spirit Religion saw the Holy Son and the others, they finally felt relieved. After Xue Ji killed Yu Bu Zhou, there was no doubt she was the most powerful cultivator in the World. When the Spirit Religion’s Immortal Ascension Boundary Masters faced her, they felt immensely pressured, even though Xue Ji merely stood there without doing anything.

The crowd parted to the sides while the Holy Son walked up to Xue Ji.

Yu Dao Chi secretly warned, “Be careful, Holy Son.”

The Holy Son nodded and stood in front of Xue Ji before saluting her, “Light Spirit Religion’s Wu Ding greets Senior Xue Ji.”

Xue Ji lifted her gaze and swept a glance over him before asking with a smile, “Are you the Holy Son?”

Wu Ding scratched his head, “I think so. That’s what everyone calls me.”

Xue Ji was surprised by his somewhat childish behaviour, but a moment later, she shook her head with a smile, “You’re still too green.”

Wu Ding replied respectfully, “You have a point, Senior. I’m still a young and inexperienced cultivator, so I might make mistakes from time to time. Please forgive me if I’ve offended you in any way.”

A helpless Xue Ji looked at him and sighed, “That’s not what I meant.” She knew that the young Holy Son must have misunderstood something.

What she meant was that compared to her inscrutable Master, the young Holy Son was still just a child.

Although Yang Kai had never told her anything, she realized long ago that the true Holy Son described in the prophecy must be her Master. The young man before her eyes was only a fake that the Spirit Religion had used to launch a war against the Black Ink Cult.

Initially, she was hostile towards this man, thinking that he had snatched the glory that belonged to his Master, a truth which displeased her.

However, when she saw the Holy Son’s behaviour for herself, she couldn’t bring herself to loathe him.

The Holy Son scratched his head again. Just as he was ready to speak, Yu Dao Chi bellowed all of a sudden, “Surrender without a fight, demon woman!”

Xue Ji turned to look at him, but she didn’t have the intention of responding to him, so she glanced over at Li Fei Yu and said, “Big Sister Li, are you guys planning to kill me after everything I’ve done for you? If that’s the case, couldn’t you have warned me earlier so that I could get prepared?”

Li Fei Yu shook her head, “That’s not our intention. Don’t read too much into it.”

The Order Lords were puzzled, feeling that there was something they were not aware of.

Yu Dao Chi questioned with a frown, “What do you mean?”

Li Fei Yu explained, “Xue Ji has sided with us. Previously, the Saintess told me to contact Xue Ji in secret. We have been coordinating with her so she could assassinate those Black Ink Cult Masters. It’s because of her assistance that we’ve been able to march forward and destroy the enemy with ease over the past month.”

Hearing that, all of them were shocked.

Si Kong Nan muttered, “Why have we never heard of it before?”

The Saintess said with a smile, “We’ve decided to keep it a secret since the matter was both sensitive and of critical importance. Forgive me.”

Since the Saintess had admitted to it, that must be the truth; moreover, given the outcome, Xue Ji had indeed made a huge contribution.

At that moment, many of them looked at her with milder expressions.

They were certainly pleased to have an ally like her.

With a dark expression, Yu Dao Chi said, “You’ve acted rashly this time, Holy Saintess. Even if you refused to tell us about it, you shouldn’t have kept it a secret from the Holy Son; after all, he is the saviour.”

The Holy Son waved his hand, “It’s fine. It is true that I am inexperienced and know nothing about the current situation or how to handle it. Big Sister Saintess can continue to take charge of the Spirit Religion’s affairs.”

Yu Dao Chi was rendered speechless, thinking that the Holy Son was no different from a wastrel trying to avoid responsibility at this moment.

After a moment of silence, he followed up, “In that case, you’d better leave now. You’re the Night Chapter Master from the Black Ink Cult. Although you’ve helped us a lot, we can’t accept you.”

Xue Ji replied with a smile, “I’ve never intended to join your Religion.”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yu Dao Chi appeared perplexed, “Since you don’t want to join us, why did you betray the Black Ink Cult?”

A sense of longing appeared on Xue Ji’s face as she replied, “Because I’ve found a higher goal to pursue.”

All of them were astounded, thinking that the woman might have misspoken.

It was inconceivable that a powerful woman like her had found a higher goal to pursue; thus, she betrayed the Black Ink Cult.

An irritated Yu Dao Chi waved his hand, “Regardless, we have nothing to do with each other from now on, and you mustn’t commit any more crimes just because you’re powerful. You can leave now.”

Xue Ji shook her head, “I can’t go.” After a pause, she asked, “Are you planning to explore the Black Ink Abyss’ secrets?”

Yu Dao Chi nodded, “The Black Ink Cult has been destroyed, but since the Black Ink Abyss is the source of the Black Ink Cult, we certainly have to look into it. We have to suppress and seal this place so that the Black Ink Cult will never return.”

The Order Lords nodded as it was indeed their plan.

Xue Ji said, “You should wait here, then. Someone told me to stay here and make sure no one enters the Black Ink Abyss.”

Yu Dao Chi snapped, “Xue Ji, we are magnanimous enough to let you go since you’ve helped us a lot, but don’t reach for a yard after we’ve given you an inch!”

Xue Ji smiled charmingly, “I have my orders; if you want to enter the Black Ink Abyss, you must kill me first.”

At that moment, the Saintess appeared agitated and asked, “Is he inside the Black Ink Abyss?”

Obviously, she knew who Xue Ji was referring to, [It’s no wonder I’ve never heard any news from him since the war started. He entered the Black Ink Abyss!]

In response, Xue Ji nodded gently.

With a solemn expression, the Saintess asked, “Did he say anything else?”

Xue Ji replied, “He said the bottom of the Black Ink Abyss is extremely dangerous. I initially wanted to accompany and assist him, but he said I would only die meaninglessly if I followed him; therefore, he ordered me to stay here and make sure no one else could get near the Black Ink Abyss.”

Upon hearing that, the Saintess nodded.

The Masters from the Spirit Religion were puzzled while Si Kong Nan felt even greater pressure on his hunched back as he asked, “Holy Saintess, is there something else we’re not aware of?”

After they defeated the Black Ink Cult and took charge of the entire World, they were ecstatic; however, it wasn’t until this moment that they realised many things had happened in the background without them noticing.

The Saintess had no idea how to explain it to them, so she could only say, “I’m not at liberty to discuss this further. Since it’s ‘that’ person’s order, we’d better wait here. What do you say, Holy Son?”

The Holy Son nodded repeatedly, “You have a point, Big Sister Saintess.”

A furious Yu Dao Chi glared at the young Holy Son. He wanted to tell the young man not to be easily fooled by a woman’s beauty, for that would be dangerous.

…..

All the Apostles had been killed at the bottom of the Black Ink Abyss as Yang Kai walked towards the Profound Source Gate.

Soon, he arrived at his destination.

It was a mysterious-looking gate that stood in an empty space. The door was carved with intricate patterns, and every one of them seemed to be the essence of numerous Grand Daos.

As Yang Kai looked at the door, he suddenly realised something.

The door wasn’t something the Humans could create, it was a precious treasure born alongside the Universe.

The Primordial Light and Primordial Darkness were born from this gate.

The door wasn’t tightly closed, but behind it, there seemed to be a dark power that was ready to burst out through the gaps at any moment.

It was Mo’s Source!

Since its Source had been suppressed and sealed behind the Profound Source Gate, it couldn’t break free; however, the energy it released affected the entire Black Ink Abyss and gave birth to the Black Ink Cult.

Mu said that the darkness of Human nature, which included slaughter, conspiracy, plots, and greed, could help strengthen Black Ink Strength.

Therefore, after Mo developed sentience, its power increased rapidly. That was because there has never been a lack of a dark side in Human nature.

As Yang Kai looked at the Profound Source Gate, he extended his hand and touched it.

The next moment, his entire figure shook.

A cold aura engulfed him in an instant and elicited the negative feelings he had suppressed at the bottom of his heart.

He was oppressed and hunted down when he was weak, and when he was strong enough, he killed all of his opponents. All sorts of terrible memories swept through him like a tsunami.