Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5962: Turn of Events

When the cold aura engulfed Yang Kai, all of his horrible memories emerged from the bottom of his mind and impacted his Soul.

Darkness started spreading in his Knowledge Sea. It wasn’t conspicuous at first, but it soon covered a large area and continued to expand.

In just a short moment, the entire Knowledge Sea seemed to be covered in a layer of dark fog.

On a seven-coloured island, Fang Tian Ci and Thunder Shadow saw some blurred images rolling in the dark fog.

The images were all grey and gloomy, which were the unhappy memories of Yang Kai’s life.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The memories kept getting shattered as though they were devoured by the dark fog. As the dark fog’s power increased, it became increasingly thick.

Yan Peng, who had been confined to this place for a long time, exclaimed, “What’s going on? Has Sir fallen into danger?”

No one responded to him.

Impacted by the external stimulant, the seven-coloured island started shaking as the multi-coloured light around it became even brighter; however, before the Soul Warming Lotus could do anything, even more images emerged from the dark fog.

Compared to the gloomy images earlier, the new ones were undoubtedly much brighter. Not long after these images appeared, they soon covered the entire Knowledge Sea.

The light from these countless images penetrated the shackles of the darkness. After that, these images shattered and dissolved into the darkness.

Following the integration of these bright images, the black fog quickly became thinner.

In just a moment, it abruptly disappeared just like how it appeared all of a sudden earlier.

Compared to the setbacks in Yang Kai’s life, he had gone through far more happy experiences.

When he was a young child, his parents would always take care of him. When he ventured into the outside world, he made many friends, and they gave him warmth. Moreover, his Wives were still waiting for his return.

No one was perfect, everyone carried darkness in their heart, but there was also light. If they couldn’t look straight at the darkness, how were they supposed to embrace the bright side?

Only irresolute people would be devoured by their dark side.

Yang Kai’s gaze was clear as he stood in front of the Profound Source Gate and circulated his power, infusing it into the gate to refine it.

At the same time, he was secretly shocked. Mu had divided Mo’s Source into 3,000 pieces and sealed them in 3,000 different Universe Worlds. In other words, the one before his eyes was only one of the 3,000 pieces.

Moreover, it had been suppressed and sealed behind the Profound Source Gate, so the energy it could release was insignificant.

Nevertheless, this weak energy was enough to stimulate the dark side in his heart.

Given his heritage as a Ninth-Order Master, Yang Kai could quickly shake off such influence; however, the strongest cultivators in this World were only in the Immortal Ascension Boundary. Once they were affected, none of them could regain their senses.

Mu was right to say that unless she could take charge of the Profound Source Gate, the birth of the Black Ink Cult was inevitable.

Nonetheless, Little Eleventh was by her side, so she couldn’t go near the Profound Source Gate; otherwise, even the faint bit of Source Strength leaking out would have a huge impact on Little Eleventh. It would very likely integrate into his body, possibly even awakening him.

Yang Kai slowly activated his power and patterns started lighting up around his palm and spread across the entire gate.

It seemed that it wasn’t difficult to refine this treasure.

As he looked at the gate’s transformation, Yang Kai realised that when all the patterns and symbols on the gate lit up, he would successfully refine it.

The Source behind the gate seemed to have detected something as it became violent all of a sudden.

It started activating its power from the mysterious space behind the gate and kept crashing against it. Booming sounds were continuously heard.

At the same time, a mysterious power started spreading through the gap in the gate.

As expected, Mo had indeed left behind a hidden hand. Yang Kai was glad that he accepted Mu’s advice and waited until the Light Spirit Religion destroyed the Black Ink Cult before he took action; otherwise, an accident might have occurred.

After a month of war, the Black Ink Cult had been destroyed, but there were still some survivors.

When some Black Ink Cult Masters realised that defeat was inevitable, they hurriedly hid somewhere to keep themselves safe; however, the moment the Source Strength behind the gate activated, the Black Ink Cult Masters, who had been hiding in different parts of the Primordial World, seemed to have received some irresistible calling as they stepped out of their hiding places and dashed towards the Black Ink Abyss as quickly as they could, Black Ink Strength billowing from their figures.

While on their way, the Black Ink Strength around them thickened and allowed them to break through their limits, thus reaching higher Realms.

Nevertheless, there was a huge price to pay for such an unusual increase in power.

Many Black Ink Cult Masters exploded while on their way, while those who survived saw their figures going through an irreversible transformation.

In the meantime, the Light Spirit Religion’s soldiers broke into a commotion as well.

When the disturbance was heard, the Spirit Religion’s leaders were still confronting Xue Ji beside the Black Ink Abyss.

“What happened?” Asked an Order Lord in shock.

Li Fei Yu immediately went over to have a look. As the Fire Order Lord, she was responsible for collecting information.

Soon, she figured out what was going on. She returned and explained, “Some of the Spirit Religion members, who have been affected by Black Ink Strength, have gone mad for some reason. Black Ink Strength has changed their nature, and they’re now determined to enter the Black Ink Abyss.”

It was a well-known fact that the Black Ink Cult had planted some moles in the Spirit Religion. This was inevitable; after all, Black Ink Strength was too strange, so it was difficult for anyone to put up their guard against it at all times.

Moreover, in the past month, many Spirit Religion members had been contaminated by Black Ink Strength. Since the weak Black Ink Strength didn’t have any noticeable impact, those from the Spirit Religion decided to put the matter aside for now. They would only examine every member after the dust settled.

Much to their surprise, those disciples who had been affected by Black Ink Strength were now transforming into entirely different people now.

The cultivators, who were engulfed in Black Ink Strength, madly charged towards the Black Ink Abyss, causing a great upheaval.

Li Fei Yu could not help but turn to look at the Black Ink Abyss. Just now, Xue Ji said that a certain someone was inside the Black Ink Abyss, which was where the Black Ink Cult originated from.

Could the turn of events have something to do with that person?

Had he done something at the bottom of the Black Ink Abyss that caused all this disturbance?

As Li Fei Yu looked in the abyss’ direction, she was startled for a moment before she asked, “Where’s Xue Ji?”

Xue Ji, who stood in front of the Black Ink Abyss earlier, was nowhere to be seen.

With a solemn expression, the Saintess replied, “Her four Blood Slaves have been badly affected by the Black Ink Strength as well, so they plunged into the Black Ink Abyss. Xue Ji chased after them.”

Hearing that, Li Fei Yu was astounded.

Yu Dao Chi said grimly, “It seems that all those who have been affected by Black Ink Strength, regardless of whether their temperaments have been changed before, are doomed this time.”

Xue Ji and her Blood Slaves were from the Black Ink Cult, so they naturally had come into contact with Black Ink Strength before. They had also cultivated in the Black Ink Abyss in the past.

The turn of events affected all those who had been corrupted by Black Ink Strength; therefore, Xue Ji and her Blood Slaves were not spared.

Si Kong Nan turned to look at the Black Ink Abyss and said meditatively, “Something must have happened at the bottom.” Then, he shifted his attention to the Saintess, “Holy Saintess, you just said someone is in the Black Ink Abyss. Who is that person?”

That was something the Spirit Religion Masters were curious about. The bottom of the Black Ink Abyss had always been a Restricted Area. Even those from the Black Ink Cult had no idea what the bottom looked like, which went to show it was a dangerous place.

Could anyone actually reach the bottom while maintaining their original nature?

If they could find out who the person down there was, they would probably have an idea of what happened.

“Stop asking any further, Order Lord Si Kong. I can’t explain it to you at this point.” The Saintess shook her head.

Yu Dao Chi couldn’t help but bellow, “Why are you still hiding it from us now, Holy Saintess? Given the current situation, regardless of who the person is, he can’t possibly save himself!”

The Saintess still shook her head and remained silent. Although she wasn’t familiar with Yang Kai, she trusted the first-generation Saintess unconditionally. Even if the turn of events was caused by Yang Kai, he must be able to survive.

Just as Yu Dao Chi was about to say something, his expression changed all of a sudden as he turned to look at the depths of the Black Ink Abyss where a powerful aura was rising rapidly.

The next moment, a red figure shot up and landed on the spot where she stood earlier. She was none other than Xue Ji, who dove into the Black Ink Abyss to pursue her Blood Slaves.

Presently, she looked battered with wounds all over her body. It was apparent that she had gotten into an intense fight earlier, but her aura remained quite intimidating.

After she landed on the ground, she shot Yu Dao Chi a look and said impassively, “My Master is more powerful than you think. If you dare spout nonsense again, I’ll kill you first.”

In an instant, Yu Dao Chi’s expression turned gloomy.

He was a Peak Immortal Ascension Boundary Master and an Order Lord. Before today, even though there were countless Masters in the World, no one could speak so casually about killing him. He had even exchanged moves with Yu Bu Zhou before, and although he was defeated, he still managed to escape with his life.

However, since it was Xue Ji who threatened him now, he didn’t have the guts to refute her. If he offended this crazy woman, he didn’t have the confidence to flee from her and survive.

Xue Ji had returned to this place with an even more intimidating aura than before. They were so astonished that they were oblivious to the shocking information she revealed in her words.

Li Fei Yu asked in shock, “Why are you alright?”

Xue Ji couldn’t help but roll her eyes, “What could happen to me?”

“Everyone corrupted by Black Ink Strength has lost their sanity. Why are you still safe?”

Upon hearing that, Xue Ji finally came to her senses. She looked at her hands and felt the power within her. When she realised what happened, she said with a smile, “That’s why I said my Master is more powerful than you think.”

When the sudden change occurred, her Blood Slaves were instantly affected as they turned around and charged towards the Black Ink Abyss. Realising that something was off, Xue Ji hurriedly pursued them.

Upon confirming that her Blood Slaves were going to hurt Yang Kai, she quickly decided to kill them, despite having spent years nurturing them, before she returned.

Usually, even though she could kill four Third-Order Immortal Ascension Realm Masters, she would have to pay a huge price.

Nevertheless, she was the one who nurtured the Blood Slaves, after all. She had planted a restriction in every one of them; also, the Blood Slaves could no longer perform their strongest Combined Attack Techniques after losing their sanity. As such, even though it took Xue Ji some effort, she still managed to kill them all.