Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5966: Rescuing the Suppressing Black Ink Army

As Yang Kai was swimming through Mu’s Space-Time River, a great battle had erupted outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

After dealing with the Black Ink Clan Reinforcement Army, Yang Kai rushed ahead to investigate the situation at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction while the Crusade Force was a step behind since they had to clean up the aftermath as well as rest and recover.

But it was only a few days before the Crusade Force set off as well.

Through the Space Arrays set up by the Void Guard, the Army was able to rapidly advance and soon reached the edge of the Spiritless Land.

This was where the last Universe Temple was located. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Something unexpected had happened at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction a few years back. The Suppressing Black Ink Army was swallowed up into the Grand Restriction and a large number of Black Ink Clansmen poured out from the opening. The Void Guard could not set up a Space Array directly outside the Grand Restriction as it would simply be courting death.

At the edge of the Spiritless Land, the Army regrouped and a few days later, it set sail towards the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

After a month, the Army arrived at the outer perimeter of the Grand Restriction, where a large battle immediately broke out.

This was a war launched with all the forces the Human Race possessed, with millions of Human soldiers fighting while being led over by 30 Ninth-Order Masters.

Originally, there were far fewer Ninth-Order Masters on the Human Race side. Including Yang Kai, there were 10 of them before the attack on the No-Return Pass; however, the successful battle at the No-Return Pass provided a breakthrough opportunity for many rising stars, many of whom succeeded in advancing.

23 people attempted to break through, and the outcome was that three failed while 20 succeeded.

As a result, the Ninth-Order Masters reached the 30 mark!

Afterwards, more Masters broke through to the Ninth Order as well. Now, there were more than 30 Ninth-Order Masters in the Crusade Force.

Thousands of years ago, through a series of devastating losses, culminating in the Barren Territory War, the veteran Ninth-Order Masters were decimated until only Xiao Xiao and Wu Qing remained. After several thousand bitter years passed though, the Human Race had finally restored some of its foundation.

More than 30 Ninth-Order Masters, millions of soldiers, and powerful Warships filled the battlefield. The power of the entire Human Race had gathered here today.

However, the Black Ink Clan was not to be underestimated either.

The Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction had been around for millions of years. During these years, Black Ink Strength increased constantly, but it had reached a limit. Even if it kept increasing, it would be difficult to break through the Grand Restriction.

Thus, much of the Black Ink Strength accumulated had been used to create more Black Ink Clansmen.

One could say that within the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, the Black Ink Clan’s forces had already accumulated to a terrifying number. If Mu had not brought out her hidden hand to put Mo to sleep back then, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction would most likely have been destroyed and the Black Ink Clan could have swept over the entire Universe.

It was Mu who gave the Human Race a final chance, allowing them to create the current situation.

Currently, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was still under Wu Kuang’s control. Even though the opening in the Grand Restriction had expanded significantly, it still had a limit, which restricted the speed of the Black Ink Clansmen’s escape. Furthermore, Royal Lords still found it incredibly difficult to pass through. If they forced their way out, it would severely damage their foundation, which had been proven by past attempts.

When the Crusade Force arrived at the Grand Restriction, a large army of Black Ink Clansmen had already gathered outside, numbering over 100 million. Though there were no Royal Lords among them, there were still plenty of Pseudo-Royal Lords!

Compared with the immense Black Ink Clan Army, the Human Race Army appeared miniscule.

When the war broke out, the Human Race’s forces were far inferior in number to the Black Ink Clan; however, relying on the experienced Army which had survived through countless battles, they coordinated with each other and made use of all their advantages to fight. Even if they could not gain the upper hand, they still wouldn’t appear weak in front of their enemies.

From afar, the Human Race Army looked like a small snake slithering agilely around a giant python, constantly tearing at the latter’s body.

The entire void was filled with the corpses of the Black Ink Clansmen, and Black Ink Strength released from them had condensed together to form massive Black Ink Clouds.

Each Ninth-Order Master was going all out to slaughter the Pseudo-Royal Lords.

Even the Eighth-Order Masters were unwilling to appear weak. Together, they got into Battle Formations and charged fearlessly at their enemies.

At the Grand Restriction’s opening, the Black Ink Clansmen kept pouring out to reinforce their Army. 

However, what shocked them all was how the speed of their reinforcements couldn’t keep up with the speed of the slaughter. The number of Black Ink Clansmen gathered outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was still steadily decreasing.

The morale of the Human Race Army grew higher and higher; however, Mi Jing Lun, who was standing by at the command centre of the Human Race Army, did not show any joy on his face. 

He knew that this was only the beginning of the war. So far, he had not seen any Royal Lords make a move yet, and through his communication with Wu Kuang, he also knew of Yang Kai’s whereabouts and why the Royal Lords were unable to leave the Grand Restriction.

Currently, he was facing a dilemma. 

Even though the Suppressing Black Ink Army was trapped in the Grand Restriction and they were safe for the time being with Wu Kuang’s help, countless Royal Lords were searching for the Suppressing Black Ink Army’s whereabouts within the Grand Restriction. Once the Suppressing Black Ink Army’s tracks got exposed, their survival chances inside the Grand Restriction would become null!

Wu Kuang had the ability to send the Suppressing Black Ink Army out of the Grand Restriction, but he had not done so before because of the gathered Black Ink Clan Army. Even if he were to send them out, it would be like sending a flock of lambs to a tiger’s den. Instead, it was better to let the Suppressing Black Ink Army to continue hiding inside the Grand Restriction where he could look after them.

However, now that the Crusade Force had arrived, the Suppressing Black Ink Army had an escape route. As long as they could coordinate with the Crusade Force, sending them out of the Grand Restriction shouldn’t be an issue.

But doing so would create another problem.

The opening in the Grand Restriction had been torn numerous times already, and each time, it caused irreparable damage to the Grand Restriction. In order to send the Suppressing Black Ink Army out, Wu Kuang would have to widen the gap in the Grand Restriction wider. 

Currently, the opening in the Grand Restriction could only allow Black Ink Clansmen weaker than Royal Lords to pass through. If a Royal Lord were to force their way out, it would severely damage their strength, which was why they were all still hiding within the Grand Restriction.

If the opening was expanded, then the Royal Lords might be able to enter and leave the Grand Restriction freely.

There were a large number of Royal Lords within the Grand Restriction, and if they joined the battlefield, the pressure that the Crusade Force would have to bear would be far more than what they were facing now, which meant that the intensity of the battle would also shoot straight up. 

This was the dilemma that Mi Jing Lun was currently facing.

The Suppressing Black Ink Army was in danger, but the cost of saving them was allowing Royal Lords to join the battlefield.

However, an answer had already appeared in his heart. It was imperative that they save the Suppressing Black Ink Army!

Without even mentioning that the Suppressing Black Ink Army was composed of elites from the Human Race who had guarded the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction for over 2,000, there was also Divine Dragon Fu Guang among them. Many of Yang Kai’s Family members also belonged to the Suppressing Black Ink Army. For all these reasons, Mi Jing Lun could not simply abandon them.

If those who made great contributions were left to die, it would devastate the morale of the other soldiers.

Of course, this was not the main reason.

From another perspective, eliminating the Black Ink Clan here would not directly affect the outcome of the war. No matter how many Pseudo-Royal Lords they killed, or how many Black Ink Clansmen were slaughtered, it would only weaken the Black Ink Clan’s strength but not shake their foundation.

No one knew how many Black Ink Clansmen were still hiding within the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, not even Wu Kuang.

The Royal Lords within the Grand Restriction were something that they would have to face sooner or later.

While Wu Kuang still had control over the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, it would be better to let out some Royal Lords and kill them, rather than allowing all of them to rush out all at once when the Grand Restriction inevitably collapsed.

Based on the current situation, tearing open another opening in the Grand Restriction and allowing the Royal Lords to pass through was beneficial for them as it could alleviate some of the pressure in advance.

Therefore, it was both morally and tactically sound to say that saving the Suppressing Black Ink Army was a necessary move.

What was more, the Human Race still had some cards up their sleeves. They hadn’t revealed all of their strength yet!

With an idea in mind, Mi Jing Lun and Wu Kuang discussed with each other and soon agreed on a plan.

The movement of the Human Race Army quickly changed. Originally, the Army of millions remained mobile, using superior mobility to harass the Black Ink Clan Army since they were outnumbered by them. If they wanted to kill more enemies, they had to preserve their strength as much as possible.

But now, the Human Race Army suddenly gathered all their mass and recklessly charged towards the opening in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

The Human Masters took up position on the outer periphery, forming a defensive shield around the troops while the slightly weaker soldiers gathered at the centre, enhancing the Army’s strength.

The Black Ink Clan had not in any way expected that the Humans would suddenly change their strategy. Since the Black Ink Clan’s deployment was not as tight as their opponents, the Human Race Army easily rammed through their lines and breached their defences.

The Human Race Army advanced straight through the gaps, paving multiple paths towards the Grand Restriction’s opening using the blood and remains of the Black Ink Clansmen.

Just as the Crusade Force approached the opening, the Grand Restriction suddenly expanded like the mouth of a ferocious beast and spat out the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress!

The timing was perfect. 

This success had to be credited to Wu Kuang’s guidance. Without him, the Suppressing Black Ink Army would never be able to break out of the Grand Restriction at such an apt time. 

If they had done it too early, they would have been surrounded by the Black Ink Clan Army. Too late, and the Human Race Army would have suffered heavy losses.

The Human Race Army coalesced into a single force and did not pause for even a moment. When the Suppressing Black Ink Army in control of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress merged with the rest, they broke through the encirclement of the Black Ink Clan and flew out.

It was only once they reached a suitable distance that they reorganised their formations. 

The first clash between the Human Race Army and Black Ink Clan Army ended with a resounding victory for the Humans, but everyone knew that this was just the beginning. There was no time to rest on this battlefield. Once the fighting began, one should only seek to rest in death!

Powerful auras emerged from the opening in the Grand Restriction soon after, and the vague silhouettes of many figures could be seen moving restlessly through the dark opening. 

Royal Lords!

The faces of all the Masters of the Human Race became solemn since the number of figures visible was not by any means small.

During their first crusade, the Black Ink Clan had deployed some 300 Royal Lords in total, which was three times the number of Ninth-Order Masters at the time. 

Though not so many Royal Lords were gathered at the opening at this moment, there were at least 40 of them.

Moreover, this was just the beginning. There would definitely be more Royal Lords who received the news and rushed out from the depths of the Grand Restriction soon.

Mi Jing Lun had already tried to overestimate the Black Ink Clan’s heritage as much as possible, but he realized that he had still underestimated them in the end. 

The Royal Lords didn’t immediately rush out of the Grand Restriction as they weren’t sure if the current opening would allow them to pass through safely.

After a brief hesitation, one of the Royal Lords stepped forward. 

As soon as he took a step forward, the Royal Lord appeared outside the Grand Restriction and stood frozen in place for a moment, clearly surprised at how smoothly he had passed through.