Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5967: Giant Spirit God Attacks

Even more Royal Lords stepped through the opening soon after, the convergence of their Heaven-shaking, Earth-moving auras distorting the void around them.

Each Royal Lord’s gaze was fixed in the direction of the Human Race Army, expressions of cruelty and bloodlust clear on their faces.

On Pure Yang Pass, Mi Jing Lun looked on coldly before tossing out an object and shouting, “Go!”

It was a round, bead-like object.

Under the blessing of a Ninth-Order Master’s strength, the small round bead quickly broke through the heavy blockade of the Black Ink Clan and reached the Royal Lords.

The gazes of the many Royal Lords were attracted to the round bead, but after examining it, they found that despite its peculiar appearance, it was not worth much attention.

One of the Royal Lords threw a casual punch out at the round bead, shattering it instantly.

Suddenly, a surprise occurred that caught all the Royal Lords off guard. When the round bead was shattered, countless Universe Fragments appeared out of nowhere, as if they were the remains of the round bead.

Strong Space Principle fluctuations followed suit before two massive figures that blocked the Heavens and covered the Earth appeared.

Each Royal Lord’s face was filled with shock.

On the other hand, Ah Da and Ah Er, who were prepared beforehand, did not give the Royal Lords any time to react, launching a violent attack at them as soon as they appeared.

Utterly terrifying giant palms slapped down, and the Royal Lords were swept up by the force. As blood burst forth, the sound of bones breaking rang out.

The Royal Lords all screamed, some in pain, others in panic. None of them had expected two Giant Spirit Gods to enter the battlefield in this manner, so they immediately took heavy losses from this sudden attack.

Several Royal Lords were instantly pulverized into mist, their auras simply vanishing from existence, while the survivors scattered in all directions.

This was the trump card of the Human Race.

During the battle at the No-Return Pass, Ah Da and Ah Er were pinned down by the two Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods and were unable to play a decisive role until Yang Kai teamed up with Ah Da to kill one of the Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods, which greatly improved the Human Race’s situation.

But here, without Black Ink Giant Spirit Gods to occupy them, the two Giant Spirit Gods could perfectly demonstrate their terrifying might.

The Black Ink Clan did not have the means to stop such existences! Even a casual wave of a Giant Spirit God’s hand was enough to smash anything it made contact with.

Before the World Bead they were hiding in was sent out, Ah Da and Ah Er must have received instructions from Mi Jing Lun beforehand; so, when they saw the fleeing Royal Lords, Ah Da immediately went to pursue them while Ah Er stayed behind, his massive figure acting as a barrier to block the opening in the Grand Restriction.

At the opening, the Royal Lords who had received the news gathered nearby but hesitated to step out, each of them looking fearfully towards the towering figure in front of them.

Though the Giant Spirit Gods were incredibly powerful, their immense size also made them less agile, so even after chasing the fleeing Royal Lords for a while, Ah Da was unable to capture any of them. Annoyed, he turned around and charged into the Black Ink Clan Army’s formation instead.

What followed was like a tiger descending upon a flock of sheep. No matter how many Black Ink Clan Soldiers fought back, giving their all, even their very lives, their attacks were no different to a calm breeze to Ah Da.

The massive Army was instantly disrupted and broken apart. Ah Da was like a rampaging bull, trampling and crushing everything in his path.

Giant gaps had now been opened in the Black Ink Clan Army, which was already somewhat scattered to begin with.

Mi Jing Lun was overjoyed when he saw this and immediately gave the order for the entire Army to attack.

The Human Race Army, which had already rearranged their formations, charged the Black Ink Clan, but unlike before, they only had to deal with the scattered sections that have been cut out from the main force.

This greatly reduced the pressure on them.

Just as the Human Race Army was launching their second attack, 10 figures flew out from the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, but they did not head to the battlefield and instead flew in the opposite direction.

In the midst of a battle, actions like this would normally be enough to label them as deserters; however, everyone turned a blind eye to this and regarded it as a matter of course.

This couldn’t be helped as the auras of these Masters were fluctuating wildly, a sign that they were about to break through.

Zhao Ye Bai, Xu Yi, and Zhao Ya’s figures were included amongst the 10.

While members were being selected for the Suppressing Black Ink Army from the various Armies, Mi Jing Lun adhered to the principle of being lacking rather than excessive. That was because guarding the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was not too dangerous a task then. They had Divine Dragon Fu Guang leading them and the cooperation of Wu Kuang, who had control over the Grand Restriction. All the Suppressing Black Ink Army had to do was intercept the Black Ink Clansmen escaping from the opening.

Taking the development of talent into consideration, Mi Jing Lun had placed many promising candidates qualified to advance to the Ninth Order in the Suppressing Black Ink Army, distancing them from the brutality of the various Great Territory Battlefields so they could focus on cultivating outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction in the hopes of advancing as soon as possible.

Only, various changes occurred with the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction later on, leading to the increased danger outside of the Grand Restriction.

No matter how incredible a strategist he was, Mi Jing Lun could not predict all the changes that would happen over 2,000 years.

Regardless, no one could deny that the Suppressing Black Ink Army was a force of elite Masters.

From the present situation alone, 10 Masters out of the few thousand the Suppressing Black Ink Army was made up of were about to break through their limits and reach the Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm. Such a proportion would be impossible to reproduce in any of the conventional Armies.

The 10 Masters were currently only in the Eighth-Order Open Heaven Realm, so even if they did put their lives on the line on this battlefield, the role they could play would not be significant. Eighth-Order Masters were plentiful among the Human Race, so 10 more or 10 fewer would make no difference.

However, if they were able to break through successfully and return as Ninth-Order Masters, then even if only half of them succeed, the Human Race stood to gain five more Ninth-Order Masters.

Moreover, just from the recent situation alone, one could see that the success rate of the rising stars who have been nourished by the World Tree clones was surprisingly high when it came to ascending to the Ninth Order, far surpassing the generations of the past.

These 10 had actually reached their limits a long time ago, but they have been trapped in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and had not dared to break through so as to avoid exposing their whereabouts.

The Human Race Army charged, and even with the Black Ink Clan going all out to resist, it was difficult for them to blunt this assault.

The Human Race Army brought an aura of death with them as they swept across the void, extinguishing the souls of countless Black Ink Clansmen.

Coupled with Ah Da’s wanton rampage, unimaginable losses had been created for the Black Ink Clan in just a short period of time, and the situation was only growing worse for them.

The Black Ink Clan finally realized that things had taken a dire turn.

Two Giant Spirit Gods suddenly appeared and completely disrupted their formation, especially the Giant Spirit God who was guarding the opening. If they did not defeat him, the Black Ink Clan would not be able to receive reinforcements, and with the current strength of the Human Race, those outside the Grand Restriction would eventually be wiped out.

The Royal Lords who left the Grand Restriction quickly understood this and began to take action.

Fortunately for them, the Humans were unable to divide their forces at this moment, and even the Ninth-Order Masters dared not rashly move independently. If they were trapped in the vast sea of Black Ink Clansmen, no one can guarantee that they would be able to escape alive.

Under this situation, as long as the Royal Lords did not actively provoke the Human Race Army, they would not need to engage the Ninth-Order Masters.

On the other hand, the only one who could act recklessly in the midst of the Black Ink Clan Army, Ah Da, was not very bright. Once his blood began pumping, he simply moved towards wherever there were more foes to deal with, so it was difficult for the Human Race Army to coordinate with him even if they wanted to.

Seeing this, the Royal Lords regrouped and charged brazenly towards Ah Er.

Naturally, just one or two Royal Lords would not be a match for Ah Er; in fact, not even 10 of them would be able to deal with him. However, the number of Royal Lords that came out of the Grand Restriction was far greater than that.

More than 40 Royal Lords charged towards Ah Er from all directions, and powerful Secret Techniques were launched one after another. Even a being as powerful as a Giant Spirit God staggered under such a heavy bombardment.

Ah Er roared as he kicked and punched randomly, launching Heaven-destroying, Earth-shattering attacks one after another. However, most of these were dodged by the Royal Lords, and the few attacks that connected could not kill the Royal Lords with a single blow, only injuring them at most.

This kind of swarming strategy was used by the Ninth-Order Masters to deal with the Black Ink Giant Spirit God in years past, but now it was being utilized by the Black Ink Clan.

However, Ninth-Order Masters were generally stronger than these inexperienced Royal Lords, so the Humans needed just 20 or so Ninth-Order Masters to hold off one Black Ink Giant Spirit God back, whereas the Black Ink Clan required a far greater number of Royal Lords.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Startled by Ah Er’s roar, Ah Da finally regained some of his senses and turned to look towards the opening in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, rushing over in the next moment.

When Ah Da arrived at the opening, more than 10 Royal Lords rushed out from it.

The scene of two Giant Spirit Gods teaming up to fight against more than 50 Royal Lords was extremely intense.

Even more Black Ink Clansmen gathered at the opening, among which were many Royal Lords as well…

No one knew how many Royal Lords were hidden within the Grand Restriction. Their numbers within the dark space seemed to be endless and they never stopped coming no matter how many were cut down.

Many Royal Lords were tangled up with the two Giant Spirit Gods, but neither side could defeat the other; meanwhile, the Black Ink Clans Soldiers behind the opening found opportunities to flood out and join the massive battlefield.

On Pure Yang Pass, Mi Jing Lun’s expression was solemn.

The Human Race’s only trump card had already been played, but apart from the initial success they gained against the Black Ink Clan, it hadn’t been able to play a decisive role.

Right now, Ah Da and Ah Er were blocking the opening together, but all they were really doing was delaying the speed of reinforcements coming out.

If this continued, the situation would become unfavourable for the Human Race as more time passed.

No matter what strategies he could come up with, the key to winning or losing a war was still the balance of power.

Compared to the Black Ink Clan, the Human Race Army was undoubtedly an elite force, but their numbers were just too limited. Casualties were inevitable in war, and once their Army reached a certain critical limit in their losses, their momentum would collapse. When that time came, the Human Race Army’s fate on this battlefield surrounded by enemies would be tragic.

And this was merely a war against the Black Ink Clan Army!

The Black Ink Clan Army were not the only ones the Humans had to fight against. The main enemy they were up against was the one who stood behind them, Mo!

It was an unbelievably terrifying foe.

Was there any hope for victory in this war?

Mi Jing Lun had no idea. All he knew was that as a Human, one had to give their all in battle in order to leave no regrets behind.

And, through the information coming in from Wu Kuang’s side, what Yang Kai was doing would also be a key for them. If Yang Kai could succeed, then the situation may not be as bad as he imagined it to be.

Just like the Giant Spirit Gods Ah Da and Ah Er, Yang Kai was also a trump card for the Human Race!

…..

In the vast and desolate void, a faint light suddenly blossomed, quickly growing into a dazzling brightness that persisted for a long time before gradually subsiding.

A graceful figure stood quietly in the void. She opened her eyes, revealing a pensive expression, as if she had vaguely understood something.

“It’s time to end this, once and for all!”

Saying so, a pair of glistening and beautiful wings suddenly spread out on her back. With a gentle flap of her wings, she shot off, breaking through the barriers of space in an instant.