Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5969: It’s Her

The towering bodies of the Giant Spirit Gods were covered in wounds. They roared and bellowed, driving back one Royal Lord after another, like two powerful lions encircled by a pack of hyenas. Despite their immense strength and overwhelming power, the huge disparity in numbers allowed their small foes to run rampant.

At this moment, there were almost 100 Royal Lords gathered around Ah Da and Ah Er!

The Giant Spirit Gods were powerful indeed, but they still had their limits in the end. Even together, Ah Da and Ah Er could barely handle the 100 or so Royal Lords attacking them all at once.

With the Giant Spirit Gods fully occupied, the Black Ink Clan were finally able to pour out of the Grand Restriction unrestrained. Powerful auras emerged from the opening one after another and joined the battlefield.

All the advantages that the Human Race Army had worked so hard to build up were melting away under the constant stream of enemy reinforcements.

The war had reached a most despairing point.

Yang Kai still had not shown up.

The Human Race Army had suffered huge losses in this battle. Whether it be their numbers or Warships they were relying on, it was hard to keep up.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The many defences deployed on Pure Yang Pass had also been blasted apart. At this moment, Pure Yang Pass was only covered by a few layers of the simplest defensive Arrays. If they were to take a few more attacks, then it was likely that even these last barriers would be broken.

Standing up on the wall, Mi Jing Lun sighed in his heart.

The limit of the Human Race had already been reached at this point of the battle. If they continued to engage, the last of their forces would be buried here.

[Have we failed? Have we not done enough?]

[No! That can’t be!] Since the Black Ink Clan invaded the 3,000 Worlds, thousands of years had gone by. The Human Race had not only recovered their homeland but also organized a strong force for a second crusade! They had crushed whatever stood in the way until they reached the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction! They had done well enough!

A few thousand years was a very short time for the development of an entire Race. That the Humans could recover from almost total annihilation to what they had today was a feat worth being proud of.

However, their enemy was simply too strong.

From Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements kept coming, and no matter how many Royal Lords were killed, more would appear to take their place.

Even with the two Giant Spirit God’s to support them, it was impossible to stop this.

“Wu Kuang!” Mi Jing Lun called out through his surging Divine Sense, “How much longer will Junior Brother Yang take?”

“Not much longer,” Wu Kuang responded, “but we can’t just rely on him in this war. Once he finishes his side of things, Mo will completely awaken, so he will have his own opponent! And if Mo awakens, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction will completely shatter. Once that happens, those hidden in the Grand Restriction will swarm out; when that happens, you will see the scale of the Black Ink Clan Army is much more than what you are currently seeing now.”

“Then, is he a match for Mo?” Mi Jing Lun asked another question.

Wu Kuang answered without hesitation, “Naturally not. If he were to face off against Mo with his current strength, a death without burial is sure to await him.”

Mi Jing Lun was silent for a moment, “So to say, what we, the Human Race, are up against, is an unscalable wall.”

Wu Kuang responded, “You could say that.”

“Then there’s no other way…”

“What are you planning to do?”

A bitter look appeared on Mi Jing Lun’s face, “Nothing. Junior Brother Yang told me about his encounters in the Universe Furnace previously, and he also mentioned something at the edge of the Universe. He anticipated the situation today before the war began, so he left a path for the Human Race to retreat to.”

Wu Kuang was surprised, “The edge of the Universe?”

“It’s a long story,” Mi Jing Lun did not have the time to explain in detail, “Junior Brother Yang told me that if the Human Race really was no match for the Black Ink Clan, there was no need for us to go down fighting. He told us to preserve our power as much as possible and he will bring our remaining kin to another World where we can find a suitable place to live.”

Wu Kuang wondered, “Such a place exists?”

Mi Jing Lun was honest, “I don’t know, but if Junior Brother Yang says it does, then it definitely exists.”

“If it does exist, it’s not a bad choice… I will try to buy you some more time. If you want to retreat, then go quickly. We can’t predict what will happen if things continue to drag on.”

“Many thanks,” Mi Jing Lun thanked him, knowing that Wu Kuang might put himself in danger by doing so; after all, the ones in charge of holding back the enemy while the Army retreated were always in the most dangerous position.

After coming to a decision, Mi Jing Lun did not hesitate any longer. In this current situation, every moment of delay would further increase the casualties to the soldiers.

However, to be forced from their homeland like this, to a new World in a place they did not know… It really was shameful.

But reality did not give the Humans much choice…

As he was about to pass down the order, Mi Jing Lun suddenly sensed something and turned to look into the distance.

He didn’t see anything at first, but in the next instant, a bright light swept over from that direction, and in the next instant, the distance grew much closer, and the light also became clearer.

[So fast!] Mi Jing Lun was astonished.

Right now, he was a Ninth-Order Open Heaven Realm Master, and if he exerted all his strength, he could reach immense speeds, but even at his best, he would probably not be able to reach a tenth of that light’s speed.

Such speed was not inferior even when compared to Yang Kai’s Instantaneous Movement.

[Who is that?]

The direction the light came from was from beyond the Spiritless Land, where the Human Race Army had also come from. In other words, the one arriving was most likely a Human Race Master.

But, was there such a Master among the Human Race? When the Army set out, all Masters who could participate in the battle were conscripted. Those who were left behind were either the old, the infirmed, the children, or those with insufficient cultivation. How could there be such a Master hidden among them still?

Just as Mi Jing Lun was feeling taken aback, the other Ninth-Order Masters and Royal Lords in the battlefield also sensed the unfamiliar aura.

Nobody paid attention when they first sensed it, as who would dare to be distracted when fighting a life-and-death battle? But in just a few breaths, all the Masters wore astonished looks on their faces.

It was because the unfamiliar aura was approaching the battlefield at a speed beyond what they could fathom, and following the approach of that aura, a powerful force that made even the Ninth-Order Masters and Royal Lords tremble pressed down on them!

In just an instant, the light pierced into the battlefield.

Since Mi Jing Lun first detected the aura until now, less than 10 breaths had passed.

He had been staring fixedly at it, but even with his current abilities in the Ninth Order, he couldn’t see the face of the person who was coming. He only vaguely saw what seemed to be wings open behind the person’s back, and it was from those wings that the dazzling light was flowing out. As this figure swept through the air, a long ribbon of light was drawn across the void.

What’s more, this figure disintegrated everything that stood in its way!

When the light broke into the battlefield, the Black Ink Clan Army which was fighting with great momentum melted away in swathes like snowflakes under the scorching Sun.

Wherever the light passed, flames of life were constantly being extinguished.

Even powerful Royal Lords were no match for the new arrival. One Royal Lord wanted to intercept them, but he suddenly froze in place before he could even make a move.

When the light swept past, fresh blood suddenly spurted from the neck of the Royal Lord as his head flew into the air.

The cut a huge swath through the middle of the Black Ink Clan Army and instantly arrived at the opening in the Grand Restriction.

This was the battlefield of two Giant Spirit Gods and many Royal Lords. The ordinary Black Ink Clansmen wouldn’t even dare to approach carelessly, and the Human Race Army were also incapable of fighting side by side with the Giant Spirit Gods here.

It could be said that Ah Da and Ah Er had been in an isolated and helpless position all this while.

It was only until now, when a powerful existence arrived to aid them.

Without any words, countless Sword Waves burst forth from the light, shooting towards various places in the void.

Black blood flew and cries of misery rang out as many Royal Lords’ auras were extinguished.

With support, Ah Da and Ah Er immediately turned from defence to offence, each one roaring and venting their pent-up rage.

In a short while, the intense battle suddenly calmed down, and Time and Space seemed to freeze at that moment.

Around 100 Royal Lords gathered in twos and threes, surrounding the two Giant Spirit Gods and the Master that suddenly appeared in the middle of them. Though their numbers were plentiful, each Royal Lord still had grave expressions on their faces.

This couldn’t be helped as numerous Royal Lords had already been killed in that short encounter just now. Moreover, all of them died under the hands of this unwelcome guest.

What infuriated them even more was the fact that they still couldn’t get a clear look at who it was that attacked them. They only knew that the strength of this Human was incredible.

But the Royal Lords were not the only ones who did not see the face of the new arrival. Even the Ninth-Order Masters did not see it either, and it was mainly because this person was too fast and everything happened within a very short amount of time.

Mi Jing Lun was already preparing to withdraw the Army, leaving the battlefield with the remnants of their forces and waiting for Yang Kai to lead them to a new World, but before the order could be given, a new, powerful helper appeared to aid them.

Only the Divine Spirits had a vague sense of who this was, especially Fu Guang. As the most powerful one among the Divine Spirits and a Divine Dragon of the Dragon Clan, he knew some secrets that the other Divine Spirits did not.

Feeling the aura of this person, he had some ideas.

The noisy and fierce battlefield also calmed down. The sudden silence that descended across the entire void during the midst of such a huge battle was truly unprecedented.

The dazzling light gradually faded, and under the attention of hundreds of millions of eyes, the face hidden until now was slowly revealed!

It was a young woman with a beautiful face. The pair of white feathered wings behind her gave off a warm aura that seemed to dispel all the darkness of the world.

Under the light of her feathered wings, the body of the person exuded inviolable power. Even Ninth-Order Masters would subconsciously glance away when they saw the face of that person.

“It’s her?” Mi Jing Lun had an astonished look on his face. He had imagined that the person coming would be a rare expert hidden among the Human Race, but he never thought it would actually be her of all people.

He remembered this woman; after all, he personally handled the selection for the Suppressing Black Ink Army back then. It could be said that he personally selected all 6,000 soldiers of the Suppressing Black Ink Army from each Army one by one.

The reason he remembered this woman in particular though was mainly because of her relationship with Yang Kai. She had also come from the Star Boundary and was a disciple of Langya Paradise. If not for these relations, he would not have chosen this woman to join the Suppressing Black Ink Army. Based on her potential, she should not have been qualified for it.

But what puzzled him was how this woman could actually become so powerful in the short 2,000 or so years he had not seen her.

He clearly remembered she had initially broken through to the Fifth Order. In other words, her limit in life should only be the Seventh Order.

But now, her power had not only surpassed the Seventh Order, it had reached a Realm that even he, a Ninth-Order Master, dared not look straight at.

Just from how she was cutting down Royal Lords like vegetables, she seemed to be even more powerful than the Giant Spirit Gods!