Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5970: In My Name

Mi Jing Lun was somewhat taken aback. It was simply difficult for him to comprehend what he was seeing in front of him.

“It’s her!” Fu Guang’s expression changed slightly. Just like Mi Jing Lun, he remembered this woman.

She was originally a member of the Suppressing Black Ink Army, but since Yang Kai sent the Suppressing Black Ink Army to this place back then, he took her away again for some unknown reason.

He may be the Army Commander of the Suppressing Black Ink Army, but he naturally would not interfere if Yang Kai wanted to take someone away. He did not even question why Yang Kai took her away in the first place.

Since then, they had not seen a trace of this young woman again.

Until today, when she appeared with awe-inspiring momentum!

In just a short 2,000 years, she had grown from a peak Seventh-Order Master to something even the Giant Spirit Gods would be wary of, so clearly some kind of transcendent events had been involved.

Perhaps it was all Yang Kai’s arrangement…

Moreover, Fu Guang was sensing some other aura from this woman, an aura that did not belong to a Human. It was such an extremely strong and pure aura that even he, a Divine Dragon, felt tense in its presence.

“Ruo Xi…” On the other side of the Suppressing Black Ink Fortress, Gu Pan was staring at the familiar face and figure with her mind in a bundled mess.

She couldn’t help but recall the scene when this Junior Sister of hers first entered Langya Paradise. At that time, Ruo Xi was inexperienced and ignorant, and she had taken care of her in many because of their connection with Yang Kai. However, Gu Pan never expected that a day would come when this Junior Sister would grow to such a height that she could only look up to her.

Zhang Ruo Xi had always been unusual, which Gu Pan knew. For example, she had directly advanced to the Fifth Order, but somehow, she still had room for another breakthrough after reaching the peak of the Seventh Order. It was for this reason that Ruo Xi was taken away by Senior Brother Yang.

[Maybe Senior Brother Yang noticed something back then…]

After coming out of the Chaotic Dead Territory, Zhang Ruo Xi had rushed all the way here, but when she swept her eyes around, there was no trace of the person she was hoping to see, so a hint of disappointment flickered in her eyes.

She was not worried about whether her Sir was dead or not. [With Sir’s great strength and talent, he has ways of dealing with even the most dangerous of situations. If Sir is not here, then he has to be fighting against the Black Ink Clan in some unknown place.]

She couldn’t help but think back to the scene when Yang Kai entered the Chaotic Dead Territory the previous time.

In fact, she had left a thread of her consciousness out back then, but since she had to harmonize the powers of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer with her own body, she had no space to pay attention to anything else. So, she did not even get to exchange words with him.

Yang Kai’s arrival at that time made her realize the urgency of the situation, so after he left, she risked everything to accelerate the merging process. Fortunately, everything went smoothly.

After she left her retreat, she immediately rushed to the Star Boundary. From there, she moved to the No-Return Pass where she learned about the crusade plan from the Void Guard stationed at the Universe Temple.

She changed directions and used the Space Arrays set up by the Void Guard to teleport to the outskirts of the Spiritless Land, then she rushed to the battlefield from there.

If not for that, it would have taken half a year to rush all the way here from the Chaotic Dead Territory even with her current ability…

“Fortunately, I didn’t arrive too late!” Zhang Ruo Xi cheered inwardly to herself. Scanning the battlefield with her beautiful eyes, she observed the difficult situation the Human Race Army was in.

Lifting her broadsword up high, which was the source of the sword waves that cut down the Royal Lords earlier.

In the quiet centre of the battlefield, under the attention of hundreds of millions of pairs of eyes, Zhang Ruo Xi slowly brought her hands together, holding the hilt of her broadsword with its tip pointing down, before she thrust it into the void at her feet.

A soft murmur came from her mouth, and though her voice was not loud, every living creature on the battlefield could hear it clearly.

“In my name, dispel the darkness!”

The wings behind her suddenly flapped open, and the aura emanating from the woman with her head down became even more resolute and inviolable.

A point of light bloomed where the sword point touched before it exploded out like a Great Sun, spreading in all directions at an incredible speed.

It was Purifying Light!

Since Yang Kai brought the Purifying Light out of the Chaotic Dead Territory, the Humans had used it to reverse many declining situations for thousands of years, and even used it to refine weapons like the Evil Purging Divine Spears, but no one had ever witnessed such a large-scale eruption of Purifying Light!

Even when Yang Kai sacrificed millions of Small Stone Race Soldiers to condense a burst of Purifying Light, that was like comparing a firefly to the bright moon that was the eruption today.

The roughly 100 Royal Lords gathered nearby were the first unlucky ones to be hit. When the light spread out, they were all immediately engulfed by it.

The pure light brought endless warmth and brightness to the Human Race, but it was like the vilest poison to the Black Ink Clan.

Howling, the Royal Lords tried to retreat, but the light was everywhere, enveloping them fully. 

Rich Black Ink Strength was continuously bursting forth from their bodies, fighting against the erosion of the Purifying Light.

The light continued to spread out in all directions and countless Black Ink Clansmen wailed in agony. The auras of every Black Ink Clansman, from Innate Territory Lords, Acquired Territory Lords, to Feudal Lords, all were visibly weakening at an alarming rate.

Meanwhile, the thick Black Ink Clouds that had been built up on the battlefield these past months were wiped away, quickly melting away like snowflakes under the scorching Sun.

The dazzling light soon enveloped the entire battlefield.

For every passing moment, the energies in large numbers of Black Ink Clan soldiers were purified, causing them to fall in droves.

The light gradually faded, and the situation on the battlefield had undergone a remarkable reversal. 

30% of the Black Ink Clan Army that numbered in the hundreds of millions had been wiped out by the eruption of the Purifying Light, and their previously tight formations were now filled with holes.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Worse still, the Black Ink Clouds and Black Ink Strength that had been accumulating all this time were basically gone. 

These Black Ink Clouds that filled the battlefield had been severely restricting the Human Race Army’s performance, creating a hostile environment that hindered their movements. But now, the Black Ink Clouds were swept clean, and the terrain advantage that the Black Ink Clan enjoyed no longer existed!

In terms of environmental advantage, both sides were back now to square one. 

And all of this was achieved with just one Secret Technique from Zhang Ruo Xi.

It was an astonishing feat!

Even though the Royal Lords, who had been repelled by the Purifying Light, had suffered severe damage to their foundations, they were now even more determined to kill Zhang Ruo Xi after witnessing her terrifying power. 

They had no idea where this woman had come from, but they knew she possessed a tremendous power that could completely restrain the Black Ink Clan!

If this woman was not dealt with, the Black Ink Clan would be in great trouble.

What was more, the radiance of the wings behind Zhang Ruo Xi dimmed significantly after she brought out that burst of Purifying Light, and her delicate face was tinged with an unusual scarlet from her exertion.

It was obvious that activating such a mighty Purifying Light explosion came at a cost to her.

Now was the time when she was at her weakest; if they didn’t kill her now, when would they?

So, despite being extremely wary of Zhang Ruo Xi, the Royal Lords still swarmed towards her. They were originally focused on restraining the Giant Spirit God’s, Ah Da and Ah Er, but now, all of them had changed targets.

Compared to the Giant Spirit Gods, Zhang Ruo Xi was their true nemesis!

Figures in all directions rushed towards Zhang Ruo Xi, aiming for her life. Ah Da and Ah Er roared in anger, and though they were able to hold down a group of Royal Lords with their powerful strength, they couldn’t stop all of them. Even the group of Royal Lords that were stopped had volunteered to stay behind to pin down the two Giant Spirit Gods.

The remaining Royal Lords only had Zhang Ruo Xi in their eyes, each one displaying intense murderous intent.

Amidst the Human Race Army, many Ninth-Order Masters grew anxious at this sight.

Zhang Ruo Xi was able to change the course of the battle with her power as soon as she appeared. Being able to control Purifying Light at will was the most vital weapon the Human Race needed at the moment.

If she were killed like this, then even the last hope of the Human Race would be gone.

Even if Zhang Ruo Xi had previously demonstrated strength that surpassed even the Giant Spirit Gods, it was obvious that bringing forth Purifying Light of such a scale consumed a lot of her strength. While she was now weakened, dozens of Royal Lords rushed towards her at once, and no one knew if she still had strength left to defend herself with.

So, just as the Royal Lords took action, Mi Jing Lun roared in anger, “All soldiers, follow me into battle!”

The massive Pure Yang Pass was the first to charge out, heading directly towards Zhang Ruo Xi while the various Armies followed closely behind.

Mi Jing Lun always had the appearance of a dignified scholar, and he was indeed a resourceful and shrewd man whose greatest strength was his strategic mind. Even in the most critical of situations, nobody had ever seen him lose his cool.

Especially now that Pure Yang Pass was considered the Human Race’s Command Centre, it should have been guarded by the Human Race Army while remaining in the rear. However, how could Mi Jing Lun care about such things in this critical situation?

One could even say that this was a gamble. Pure Yang Pass’s mobilization had disrupted the Human Race Grand Army’s tight formation. If they failed to save Zhang Ruo Xi now, then the first one to be annihilated when the Blank Ink Clan surrounded them would be Pure Yang Pass.

However, time waited for no one on the battlefield. Mi Jing Lun could not afford to wait and make preparations and plans. Urgently, he compelled Pure Yang Pass forward in hopes that he could arrive at Zhang Ruo Xi’s side in time.

Pure Yang Pass and the Royal Lords moved at the same time, and Zhang Ruo Xi was clearly able to sense this. Understanding what her allies were thinking, she couldn’t help but laugh as she called out, “No need to be anxious, Supreme Commander Mi. Since I’ve come, I have the ability to protect myself. Don’t forget, it was Sir who taught me everything I know.”

While she was speaking, the Royal Lords had already closed in on her, hoping to kill her off quickly. The Royal Lords who were wounded by the Purifying Light did not hold back in the slightest. Each one of the attacks they used was the strongest in their arsenal.

Instantly, terrifying powers broke out, and they were all converging on Zhang Ruo Xi’s position.

This was different from their fight with the Giant Spirit Gods earlier, where they were mainly focusing on restraining them. That was because the Royal Lords knew that trying to quickly kill the Giant Spirit Gods would cost them a lot. The lives of many Royal Lords would have to be sacrificed if they were to attempt such a thing.

What was more, once the Supreme One awakened, what would these trivial Giant Spirit Gods count for?

It was with those considerations that the Royal Lords maintained the intensity of their fight with the Giant Spirit Gods, but they did not reach a point where their lives were put at stake.

However, it was different when facing Zhang Ruo Xi. Purifying Light was something that even the Royal Lords feared greatly. Either they killed this woman, or they would be the ones to die!

That was why no Royal Lord dared to hold back and all of them charged at her with all the strength they had!