Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Dozens of Heaven Destroying, Earth Shattering attacks surged forward, causing even space to shatter, but at the centre of this onslaught, Zhang Ruo Xi remained calm and composed without any hint of panic.

She raised the broadsword in her hand and lightly tapped the Void in front of her.

As the Void warped, a Void Corridor was instantly formed. No one knew where the Void Corridor led, but a powerful aura was rapidly approaching from within the dark passage, surpassing even that of any Royal Lord or Ninth-Order Master.

All the Royal Lords paled at the sight and became even more fierce in their attacks; however, before their attacks could land, a figure appeared from the Void Corridor, then two, then three…

In the blink of an eye, eight figures had emerged from the passage, guarding the space surrounding Zhang Ruo Xi. 

Only now did the Royal Lords who had come close realize the true faces of these unexpected guests.

Small Stone Race Masters!

Many Small Stone Race Soldiers had appeared on the battlefield previously. They seemed to be peculiar creatures controlled by the Human Race that could fight alongside the Humans; however, their strength was not generally too high, and after a series of intense battles, almost all from the Small Stone Race had been killed.

Even the Royal Lords never expected that this woman who appeared out of nowhere could also control the Small Stone Race, and for the Small Stone Race she summoned to be so… ridiculously powerful.

The aura emanating from each of these Small Stone Race Masters was comparable to that of a Ninth-Order Master, or possibly even more powerful. Moreover, there were eight of them!

These were Zhang Ruo Xi’s Personal Guard, a force that had never been seen before. 

Yang Kai was the only one who knew about the existence of these Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters. When he went to the Chaotic Dead Territory last time, he had experienced their might, and he knew that they were created through the harmonization of Yin and Yang by Zhang Ruo Xi using her Heavens Order Bloodline. 

However, even Yang Kai did not fully know how many Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters had been born in the Chaotic Dead Territory. He only had an estimate.

Back then, he had also attempted to bring them under him through the Great Sun and Moon Marks, but he had unfortunately failed. At that time, he speculated that the only person who could control them was Zhang Ruo Xi; so, even though he thought it was a pity, he ultimately gave up on them.

As it turned out, he was right.

There were a total of eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters, and their auras were linked as soon as they appeared, instantly forming a magnificent Battle Formation.

At the centre of this Battle Formation was Zhang Ruo Xi, who was being protected by them.

The eyes of the Ninth-Order Masters who rushed over were bulging when they saw this, with Ou Yang Lie exclaiming, “An Eight Trigrams Formation!”

The simplest Battle Formations was the Three Fortunes Formation, followed by the Four Symbols, Five Elements, Six Paths, Seven Stars, Eight Trigrams, and finally the Nine Palaces. The increase of each stage was based on the increase of cultivators involved.

The stronger the Battle Formation, and the higher the cultivations of those involved, the harder it was to form.

Perhaps there were some parties who could cooperate intimately under the High-Rank Open Heaven Realms that were able to form the Eight Trigrams or even Nine Palaces Formations, but once the cultivation level reached the High-Rank Open Heaven Realms, it was difficult for higher Battle Formations to be formed.

In the existing records, the highest Battle Formation that Seventh-Order Masters could form was the Nine Palaces Formation, which was a miracle achieved by the Dawn Squad under Yang Kai’s leadership. Besides him, nobody else in the Seventh Order had achieved such a feat. Even the Eight Trigrams Formation was difficult to maintain for Seventh-Order Masters because the pressure on the person acting as the Core was too much.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Meanwhile, the strongest Battle Formation that Eighth-Order Masters could form was the Eight Trigrams Formation, which was used to kill Pseudo-Royal Lords. However, every time Eighth-Order Masters formed such a Battle Formation, the backlash resulted in some, if not all of them perishing!

From this, it can be seen that it was extremely difficult for High-Rank Open Heaven Realm Masters to form higher-level Battle Formations.

As for the Ninth-Order Masters… Generally, no one would form a Battle Formation. Not because it was impossible; at the very least, the simplest Three Fortunes Formation could be maintained, but because there were only so many Ninth-Order Masters. Even if forming a Battle Formation could make one stronger, it also consumed manpower and reduced flexibility. The Ninth-Order Masters were already the strongest fighting force of the Human Race, so rather than concentrating all their power in one Formation, it was better to let them act independently, which could better bring out their abilities.

Theoretically, however, Ninth-Order Masters should be able to form Four Symbols Formations, but anything higher may not be possible unless they had someone like Yang Kai to act as the Formation Core. With his Divine Dragon body, he should be able to bear the burden of a Five Elements Formation.

As for a Six Paths Formation… The possibility most likely only existed in theory.

But what were the Ninth-Order Masters witnessing at this moment?

Eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters had instantly formed an Eight Trigrams Formation. Even though they were separate individuals, they could perfectly form into a single entity without any strain.

Such an incredible feat would be hard to believe if one did not witness it with their own eyes.

Eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters joining forces formed an impenetrable barrier around Zhang Ruo Xi.

Despite the attacks of the dozens of Royal Lords connecting as was expected, their Heaven destroying, Earth shattering techniques could not even budge the Small Stone Race in the slightest!

One should know that an attack of this level would injure even a Giant Spirit God.

The Royal Lords were shocked beyond measure, but before they could react, a bright sword beam began to flicker, and the figure of Zhang Ruo Xi, who was protected in the centre by her Personal Guards, suddenly blurred.

This just happened to be a moment when the Royal Lords were putting their all into delivering their most powerful attacks, so they did not have time to circulate energy into defending themselves.

As a sword light flickered, black blood and heads flew…

In an instant, the auras of nearly 10 Royal Lords swelled up before fading away.

The surviving Royal Lords all retreated in shock. They had been living in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction for their entire lives, so they had little understanding of the Human Race. However, they had been fighting against the Giant Spirit Gods for months now, and they had the assumption that the Giant Spirit Gods were the last trump cards of the Humans.

It was not until this moment that they realized that there was a more terrifying existence in this world besides the Giant Spirit Gods.

An existence of this level was something that perhaps only the Supreme One could defeat.

The surviving Royal Lords wanted to escape, but soon enough, they realized that they were not only being pursued by the winged woman, but also by the Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters!

The moment Zhang Ruo Xi took action, so did the eight, who had formed the Eight Trigrams Formation. They spread out the Battle Formation and all charged towards the Royal Lords.

The Royal Lords were caught in an extremely unlucky situation, but even though they had been injured by the Purifying Light before, they still had the heritage of Royal Lords and were not afraid of a single Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Master.

However, they soon realized that something was not right as they clashed with these Small Stone Race Masters. There was something unusual about the strength displayed by them, and it seemed to far exceed what should be expected.

Upon closer inspection, they were shocked to discover that the aura of these Small Stone Race Masters were still closely connected to each other despite the fact that all of them were seemingly fighting alone. Most crucially, their auras were constantly changing and they could form different Battle Formations at any time or switch which one served as the Core of that Battle Formation at will.

The Masters who had rushed over to help also noticed this, and all of them had incredulous expressions on their faces because what they saw before them was impossible according to everything they understood.

When Human Race Masters formed Battle Formations, they had to take great care in maintaining the connection of their auras. The worst possibility was if a Battle Formation collapsed due to the link being broken. Each time Humans assumed Battle Formations, the Masters had to divert some of their attention to maintaining its operation.

However, when they looked at these Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters, it seemed that their control over their auras had reached an instinctual level. They could disperse or form any Battle Formation in an instant. One might think they were alone, but in fact, they had seven other ‘Brothers’ behind them who could help to crush their enemies at any time!

They were just like parts of a single entity…

As the group of Human Masters watched on, they felt both amazed and ashamed.

They had no idea how these Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters did it, but they knew that the Humans could never achieve such a thing. Even if they had full and complete trust in each other, each individual among their Race had their own way of thinking. Even more fundamentally, there were differences in strength and aura among Humans, so achieving a perfect balance was just now feasible.

The appearance of the eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Personal Guard not only helped to relieve Zhang Ruo Xi’s crisis, but also opened up a counterattack opportunity against the Royal Lords under Zhang Ruo Xi’s leadership.

But that was not the end of it. The Void Corridor that Zhang Ruo Xi had created with her amazing skills did not disappear. Following closely behind the eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters, more of the Small Stone Race Soldiers stepped out from it.

They continued emerging in an endless stream, too many to even be counted…

In just a short amount of time, an Army of millions had gathered outside the Void Corridor. Even though there weren’t many Masters among them, their numbers were still a sight to behold.

And all this was just the beginning.

As even more emerged, they soon began covering the void, filling one’s field of vision.

Previously, when they were facing the constant influx of Black Ink Clan reinforcements from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, the Human Race were at a loss, and there were even those who wished that they had their own reinforcements, too.

At this moment, that seemingly impossible wish was being fulfilled; moreover, these Small Stone Race Soldiers were somewhat different from the ones that the Humans had encountered before. 

Due to their low sentience, the Small Stone Race acted almost entirely on instinct. This meant that without being refined and controlled by the Humans, they were just like scattered sand and it was difficult for them to unleash their full potential in large-scale warfare.

However, those that walked out of the Void Corridor at this moment had formed one imposing and uniform Army!

The first Small Stone Race Army to come out did not blindly charge at the Black Ink Clan, but scattered apart to guard the Void Corridor so that even more of their companions could emerge.

It was as if someone was commanding and controlling them!

Many Human Race Masters who realised this turned their gaze to the figure who was slaughtering the Royal Lords and drawing an endless stream of wails from them.

She was perhaps the only person who could command and control so many of them!

“The Chaotic Dead Territory!” Mi Jing Lun realized where the Void Corridor led to. For so many Small Stone Race Masters to come out, the place the Void Corridor was connected with had to be the Chaotic Dead Territory, a paradise for the Small Stone Race. According to Yang Kai, the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer had nurtured countless of them, and the ones he brought out and handed to the Human Race were simply scavenged from the Chaotic Dead Territory.

“Assist them in guarding the Void Corridor!” Mi Jing Lun made an immediate decision and changed his previous order.