Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5972: Racial Superiority

Zhang Ruo Xi no longer needed help from the Humans to save her, but whether it be the Void Corridor that was connected to the Chaotic Dead Territory or the opening at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, those places needed to be guarded, and they were also the key locations that would help the Human Race Army turn defeat into victory!

Everyone was glad since the two entrances were not far away from each other, so they would not have to scatter their forces too much to guard both points.

At the same time as when Mi Jing Lun gave his order, some of the Masters from the Black Ink Clan realized that things were taking a bad turn for them. Large Armies of Small Stone Race were constantly pouring out of the Void Corridor that led who-knew-where. In just a short while, tens of millions of them have come out.

If they did not bring down that Void Corridor, then it would not take very long for the Small Stone Race to even the playing field with them in terms of numbers; and if that were to happen, then it would not simply be the Humans that they had to deal with.

While the Human Race Army were rushing to the Void Corridor, many Masters from the Black Ink Clan led their own subordinates in the same direction.

The Void Corridor to the Chaotic Dead Territory had instantly become a focal point of the battlefield, catching the attention of millions of pairs of eyes.

Even though the Human Race Army moved sooner than the Black Ink Clan, they were also further away; so, when they were only halfway there, the Black Ink Army had already surrounded the Void Corridor in all directions, but the emergence of the Small Stone Race had also diverted much of their attention, which resulted in the situation becoming much safer for the Human Race.

A war that was even more intense from the fight between the Human Race and the Black Ink Clan broke out.

Although the Human Race Army was completely made up of elite soldiers, they were very limited in numbers. During the previous confrontation, the Human Race Army’s strategy was to use superior mobility to slaughter as many enemies caught in their path as possible. Rarely would they engage in large-scale head-to-head confrontations with the Black Ink Clan.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The current situation with the Small Stone Race was different. They were desperately defending the Void Corridor, so there was simply no way to retreat or escape. Once the Black Ink Clan Army were to come in from all directions, both sides would immediately break out into a stunning battle.

Both sides were like two colliding torrents with countless bodies caught in the rolling waves.

Those from the Small Stone Race were constantly incurring casualties, but their numbers were also being replenished continuously. Even though they were far inferior to the Black Ink Clan in terms of numbers, with Battle Formations and momentum, they managed to hold their ground.

It was as if there was an invisible hand that was controlling everything about the Small Stone Race, so that these creatures that were supposed to have little sentience and could only act on instinct could now be moulded into a single strict Army that knew when to advance or retreat.

There were not too many Masters among the Small Stone Race, and the drawbacks of that were soon apparent.

This was Yang Kai’s inadvertent mistake when he took so many Eighth-Order and Seventh-Order Small Stone Race Masters with him on his last trip to the Chaotic Dead Territory, resulting in the Small Stone Race Army lacking Masters among them.

The small number of Eighth-Order Small Stone Race Masters here were no match for the Pseudo-Royal Lords, so no matter how much they replenished their numbers, it took only a few moments of fighting before the Black Ink Army were able to find opportunities to rip several openings into their line of defence.

Fortunately, the Human Race Army arrived just in time. Under Mi Jing Lun’s command, the Humans immediately split into several groups and plugged into the different openings to fill them. With the help of the Ninth-Order Masters, they were able to hold their line, albeit only barely.

The situation was still not looking optimistic.

The Black Ink Clan Army’s attack was growing increasingly intense, and if the Small Stone Race Army couldn’t gather enough mass, then there was still a risk of their lines being broken through.

The Small Stone Race in the Void Corridor were already gathering their troops at the maximum speed possible, but they could only barely keep up with the rate of their casualties.

The defensive line kept on shrinking and the space for the joint forces of the Small Stone Race and the Human Race to move around in was constantly being constricted.

Black Ink Clan seemed to have found a ray of hope and was attacking more and more aggressively.

Originally, Zhang Ruo Xi’s emergence and ruthless slaughter were enough to deter the Royal Lords who were eager to attack, and now, no Royal Lord dared to come out from the Grand Restriction, fearing that they would be killed next.

However, one Royal Lord saw the situation from the opening of the Grand Restriction and rushed out without care to hold back the Ninth-Order Masters and put pressure on the opposing forces.

Now, the defence line being held up by the Human Race Army and the Small Stone Race Army was in danger of collapsing at any moment.

Once the defence line collapsed, not only would they not be able to defend the Void Corridor, but even the Human Race Army that came to help would also be caught in the Black Ink Clan’s encirclement. At that point, other than the Ninth-Order Masters who had the ability to escape, the others would all be at great risk.

Red-eyed, Ah Da was fighting a group of Royal Lords. He had always been silly and foolish, so he was surrounded by the Royal Lords previously until he was covered in injuries. Now, he only wanted to kill his enemies ruthlessly without a care for anything else.

On the other hand, Ah Er, who was smarter, noticed the situation on the Human Race Army’s side, but he was powerless to help even though he wanted to. Just like Ah Da, he was surrounded by Royal Lords and was simply unable to divert his attention unless he could get rid of them.

The only ones they could put their hopes on, Zhang Ruo Xi and her eight Personal Guard, were still chasing after the Royal Lords who had scattered and fled in all directions.

There were dozens of Royal Lords at first, but only a little over 10 of them remained, all of whom were agile with their movements and had good luck, but under her pursuit, they would also fall sooner or later.

She did not seem to have any intention of coming to their rescue.

Just as the battlefield on the joint Army’s side reached a limit and their defence was about to collapse, Zhang Ruo Xi, who was chasing after the Royal Lords, suddenly stopped in place and without even looking, lightly clenched a fist in the direction of the Void Corridor.

With this clenched fist, Heaven and Earth hummed and trembled.

All over the battlefield, yellow and blue lights suddenly started moving. These lights came from the remains of the Small Stone Race Soldiers that were scattered among the Black Ink Clan Army!

Since they did not possess flesh, if they were torn to pieces, not a drop of blood would flow out. They would only turn into pieces of stone like this.

The power that nurtured them still remained in the debris.

It was naturally the powers of the Burning Light and Serene Glimmer, the purest power of Yin and Yang.

As the light emerged, all of the Black Ink Clansmen who were enveloped by it had frightened looks on their faces. They had no idea what the yellow and blue colours represented, but they had witnessed the power of the Purifying Light that Zhang Ruo Xi had brought forth before.

That was why the Black Ink Clan had gained an instinctive fear of this strange light.

Most of the Black Ink Clan were still shocked by the changes around them. A few of the sharper Masters wanted to retreat when they noticed the situation turning against them, but how could they have the time to run?

The defence line of the Human Race and the Small Stone Race had been suppressed again and again. The Black Ink Clan Army surrounded them on all sides and were pressing hard, passing through the remnants of countless fallen Small Stone Race along the way.

It could be said that the Black Ink Clan’s frontline Army was now fighting amidst a sea of the Small Stone Race Soldiers’ broken remains.

The yellow and blue colours swirled together, quickly turning into a dazzling pure white light that was scattered at first, but in the blink of an eye, condensed together.

The white light was like an ocean, covering the vast battlefield!

From within that white light, the countless screams and wails from the Black Ink Clan rang out. Regardless of their cultivation, all of their bodies began to sizzle as if they had fallen into a wok of boiling oil, and following that phenomenon, the Black Ink Strength in their body began to dissipate and become purified.

Those caught in the centre of the white light were the most greatly affected, and soon, those with insufficient cultivation perished. Even if some managed to survive, their foundations were severely damaged.

The best time to cull them was now, when they were weakened, and the counterattack of the Human Race and Small Stone Race Armies commenced in an instant!

The Small Stone Race members were being controlled by Zhang Ruo Xi, who naturally would not miss such a good opportunity, and when the Humans saw the flowing yellow and blue lights, they realized what was about to happen.

After all, they had witnessed this kind of scene before from Yang Kai.

So, before Mi Jing Lun could even give the order, the Human Race Army had already blown the horn to begin their attack alongside the Small Stone Race Army.

On Pure Yang Pass, Mi Jing Lun sighed in his heart, [No wonder Zhang Ruo Xi said that she was taught everything she knew by Yang Kai. This manner of dealing with her enemies is carved from the same mould.]

The Black Ink Clan Army suffered grave losses due to being caught off guard in this unexpected situation, and the troops on the frontline were completely annihilated almost instantaneously. Even several of the Royal Lords, who had jumped into the battle from the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, died in this trap.

The defensive line that had been suppressed to the limit began to expand in all directions, and with the collapse of their Army in the frontlines, the Black Ink Clan’s rear also quickly withdrew.

By the time the dazzling light subsided, the intense exchange of offence and defence had ended as well.

The joint Army’s defence line was restored to its previous state, but they did not continue pursuing the fleeing Black Ink Clan; not because they did not want to, but because they could not.

Right now, their main focus was protecting the Void Corridor that led to the Chaotic Dead Territory.

As they watched the Small Stone Race Army gather in the void from afar, the Black Ink Clan was overcome with grief and anger.

The Black Ink Clan possessed too many advantages over the Humans. They were created from Black Ink Nests, so they could be bred in numbers sufficient to crush the Humans. Moreover, their Black Ink Strength was also extremely disadvantageous for Humans. If the Humans wanted to fight with them, they had to make all sorts of preparations beforehand; for example, they had to take their Purifying Black Ink Pills just so they could defend against being corrupted.

This was their racial superiority, granted to them by their creator. Nobody could change that imbalance.

However, when compared to the Small Stone Race, the superiority of the Black Ink Clan crumbled.

The Small Stone Race may not be able to reproduce as quickly as the Black Ink Clan, but they had an advantage in comparison to the Human Race. They had no fear of Black Ink Strength, and they were even extremely sensitive to it. If nobody was controlling them, then they would simply rush to where Black Ink Strength was densest.

But what disgusted the Black Ink Clan the most was the fact that these Small Stone Race Soldiers treated them as mortal enemies when they were alive, and when they were dead, the powers remaining in their bodies could still be drawn out to condense Purifying Light that perfectly countered Black Ink Strength.

Having suffered a huge loss twice already, the surviving Black Ink Clan soldiers no longer dared to act rashly.

So what if they wiped out those from the Small Stone Race? Without the ability to dispose of their corpses, the rubble that was left behind was still a great weapon against the Black Ink Clan!

Looking from afar, the Black Ink Clan Army was hesitant to act.

The Small Stone Race was beginning to show some unusual movements. Everywhere the Human Race Army was located, a Small Stone Race Army would be there, opening up a passage to the rear.

Initially, the Humans did not understand what they were trying to do, but soon, the Humans realised and reacted.

The Small Stone Race Army had taken the initiative to open a passage to the Void Corridor so as to allow the Human Race Army to head inside to guard it. At the same time, the Small Stone Race Army surrounded the interior, the area around the Void Corridor, in layers so that the Human Race Army had the chance to recuperate peacefully for a while.