Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5973: Vigorous

This was clearly Zhang Ruo Xi’s intention. It was simply impossible for those of the Small Stone Race to decide on such an action by themselves with their low sentience.

Many of the Human Race Masters were overjoyed.

After months of fighting such a fierce battle, they hardly had any time to rest and recuperate. Each Army was about to reach their limits, and even the Ninth-Order Masters were no longer at their peak; otherwise, Mi Jing Lun would not have had the idea of withdrawing the whole Army previously.

No one could have thought that a safe place for them to rest and readjust their conditions would still be able to exist in the middle of such an intense battlefield.

Even though this time to recuperate would not last for long, in these circumstances, any time they had for recuperation was precious.

So, after they understood what the Small Stone Race Army’s intentions were, the Human Race Army did not hesitate to retreat to the direction of the Void Corridor.

The openings were once again filled in by the densely packed troops of the Small Stone Race Army. Looking at the Small Stone Race figures that filled the void in all directions, the Humans could not help but feel a sense of security, and the tension that had been building up in their minds over months had also eased up completely.

A large number of pills were distributed, as well as various combat supplies.

This time, the Human Race no longer held any reservations. They used up all the supplies that they had been saving up since this was their last battle. This battle was about the survival of their Race, and if they were to win, they would remain the Masters of this world, but if they were to lose, then there would be no Humans left.

What was the point of rationing supplies at these times? Naturally, they should restore the strength of their Army as much as possible in preparation for the final battle.

Soldiers of the Small Stone Race were still constantly coming out of the Void Corridor, and their number was growing bigger and bigger. The surviving Black Ink Clansmen would not dare to act rashly anymore.

Masters from the Black Ink Clan were all looking at the Small Stone Race, all of them feeling a throbbing headache over the situation.

Moreover, what they had to deal with now was not only the joint forces of the Small Stone Race and Human Race Army…

When Ah Da and Ah Er were joined by the eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters on the other side of the battlefield, the Royal Lords who were attacking the two Giant Spirit Gods were caught off guard. They were all so shocked that their souls nearly left their bodies.

The eight Small Stone Race Masters had appeared, so that woman must not be far behind!

It was only then that the Black Ink Clan discovered, to their horror, that all the Royal Lords who had participated in the attack against Zhang Ruo Xi had fallen.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

This sent chills down the spines of all the Royal Lords.

One had to know that there had been dozens of Royal Lords working together, and yet such a powerful force had been decimated in such a short time!

The number of Royal Lords surrounding Ah Da and Ah Er was not far from the number of Royal Lords who went to attack Zhang Ruo Xi, but their allies had all been killed, so they were probably next on the chopping block.

When they noticed Zhang Ruo Xi’s aura approaching from afar, many Royal Lords left Ah Da and Ah Er and turned around, making for the opening in the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Together, they instantly broke through the defence line of the Small Stone Race Army and plunged into the Grand Restriction without even glancing back.

For some of them, it had only been days ago they were dreaming of escaping this cage called the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and conquering everything before their eyes. They had waited millions of years for this dream to come true.

However, the feelings of joy did not last long. They had now realised that there was no safer place in this Universe than the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Unless the Supreme One woke up, no one could stop that woman’s massacre!

With nearly half of the Royal Lords who were restricting them out of the way, and with eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters assisting them, the two Giant Spirit Gods turned the tide in an instant.

Ah Da reached out and grabbed a Royal Lord who was trying to escape and, with a roar of rage, stuffed the Royal Lord into his mouth.

No matter how hard the Royal Lord struggled, he could not shake off his huge hand.

Once he had been sent into the large abyss, Ah Da bit down on him.

As if he were biting into a worm, black blood spurted between his teeth and the Royal Lord’s aura was instantly obliterated.

Ah Da then roared, venting his anger…

He was a powerful Giant Spirit God, yet he was being put into such a miserable situation under the encirclement of the Royal Lords. This insult was simply unbearable.

Ah Er did not stay idle either; he punched and kicked, each blow appearing simple, but could in fact crush a large piece of the void, blocking the Royal Lords’ plans of escaping.

The wings on Zhang Ruo Xi’s back flapped, sending her across the battlefield as a long pure white band of light trailed behind her in an exceptionally beautiful sight.

She did not care about the battlefield where the Giant Spirit Gods were and instead charged straight past it and into the opening of the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

Many other Royal Lords were watching the battlefield from within the Grand Restriction, including those who had fled back inside.

They thought that they were safe inside the Grand Restriction…

But then disaster followed.

A commotion erupted at the opening, and Royal Lords were being slaughtered rapidly, their miserable screams ringing in the void.

At the centre of the Small Stone Race Army’s defences, among the Human Race Soldiers who were recuperating near the Void Corridor, countless Masters looked on in awe at this amazing scene. They had never felt as good and as happy as they were at this moment.

“Now that gets the blood going!” Ou Yang Lie quietly wiped the sweat from his forehead as he refined the medicinal efficacies of his Spirit Pills.

Even he did not expect Zhang Ruo Xi to enter the Grand Restriction. It was truly an attention-capturing event, especially since that was where the Black Ink Clan’s Mother Nest or Source was located. Who knew how many Royal Lords were gathering inside?

He had met Zhang Ruo Xi a few times before and knew that this woman was very close to Yang Kai, but he had never known that she was this powerful.

But what tickled his curiosity even more was how this woman’s shocking cultivation had come about. The power that she wielded had already surpassed that of the Giant Spirit Gods!

There were still an indistinct but large number of figures standing around at the opening, and many more of the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements were pouring out to provide support on the battlefield.

However, Zhang Ruo Xi rushed in and cut them all down like vegetables, sweeping the entrance clean until no more of their figures could be seen, and the Black Ink Clan’s reinforcements also came to an abrupt halt.

It was not until an hour later that a figure emerged from the opening, the wings behind her back still as glossy as jade, a sight that dazzled all that beheld it.

“Damn woman… Have some consideration for the elderly!” The voice of Wu Kuang rang out beside Ruo Xi’s ears, sounding slightly helpless.

He was tasked with controlling the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and was united as one with it in a sense, so every time the Grand Restriction was ripped open, he would suffer a certain amount of backlash.

The openings that happened previously were mostly done of his own accord, so he could control them to a certain extent.

However, when Zhang Ruo Xi suddenly rushed in…

The large opening in the Grand Restriction had been torn apart three times before, and though Royal Lords could pass through it, it was still not enough for someone like Zhang Ruo Xi to pass through.

Just now, Wu Kuang had almost shrieked when he saw Zhang Ruo Xi rushing over. From his standpoint, it was as if an unstoppable force was charging at him.

Even though he expanded the opening as fast as he could, he was still caught off guard by Zhang Ruo Xi’s sudden charge and he could not regain control for a while.

The feeling was just like having his entire being ripped apart.

And that was why he had to complain.

Zhang Ruo Xi smiled, more or less understanding Wu Kuang’s meaning. She then apologised, “Forgive me, Senior. It was Junior who was reckless.”

She was strong, beautiful, had a sweet voice and a pleasant demeanor, so what could Wu Kuang say? After holding it in for a while, he let out a sigh and muttered, “You did well.”

While others could not see what was going on inside the Grand Restriction, he could still feel a thing or two since he was in control of it.

Within an hour of Zhang Ruo Xi entering the Grand Restriction, no less than 30 Royal Lords had been executed! As for the weaker Black Ink Clansmen, countless had perished.

If not for the fact that the Grand Restriction was indeed unsuitable for long fights, Zhang Ruo Xi would not have come out so quickly. Instead, she would probably have continued fighting for as long as possible before reemerging.

“Senior is too generous. Junior has only done what was necessary.” She looked up into the void.

In the hour since she disappeared, something else had changed on the battlefield.

The most obvious one was the fact that Ah Da and Ah Er had finally been freed from their predicament.

The two Giant Spirit Gods had been besieged by dozens of Royal Lords and were having trouble getting out, but thanks to Zhang Ruo Xi’s deterrent, nearly half of the enemies had fled back into the Grand Restriction.

The remaining half were no match for the two Giant Spirit Gods and the eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters and were soon smashed into pulp.

At the same time, the Small Stone Race Army, which had been guarding the Void Corridor all this while, began to move as well.

Up until then, they had been firmly guarding the space around the Void Corridor and even had the strength left to provide a sanctuary for the tired Human Race Soldiers to rest and recuperate.

But as time passed, more and more Small Stone Race Soldiers emerged from the passage.

There were now over 100 million of them, and even more continued to pour out.

No one had any guesses as to just now many Small Stone Race Soldiers there were gathered at the other end of the Void Corridor still.

The number of troops that the Small Stone Race had had already surpassed that of the surviving Black Ink Clan Army.

So, they attacked with determination. Divisions of the Small Stone Race Army launched themselves like rockets in the direction of the Black Ink Clan Army, holding them down in an endless spree of slaughter.

A battle broke out again, but this time, the attacking and defending parties were reversed.

In the short time that passed, the Small Stone Race had already amassed enough forces to confront the Black Ink Clan head-on.

The Black Ink Clan was still massive in number, but they were being purged at an astonishing rate, demonstrating that they were also exhausted and defenceless. The smartest option now would be to make a strategic retreat.

But where else could they retreat to other than the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction? The void within Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was their home, their foundation, but even if they could escape, the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction could not move.

To retreat back to the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, they had to first break through the Small Stone Race Army’s blockade.

As a result, the Black Ink Clan Army had no choice but to fight. As for the consequences that could arise from killing them, the Black Ink Clan lacked the energy to care right now.

By the time Zhang Ruo Xi showed up, the two Armies had already been fighting for a while, and while the Small Stone Race Army had suffered some losses, the Black Ink Clan had suffered much more than them.

This could not be helped as though the Small Stone Race Army did not have many Masters compared to the Black Ink Clan, they had the help of two Giant Spirit Gods and eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters!

The Black Ink Clan’s defence lines held for less than an incense stick of time before the two Giant Spirit Gods killed their way through and began wreaking havoc on them.

The same was true of the eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters. Even the Royal Lords who were lucky enough to survive the initial culling could not hold out long against them.

On the other hand, the Humans, the ones who started this war, were resting at ease with the strong protection provided by the Small Stone Race Army.

This gave the Ninth-Order Masters that were led by Mi Jing Lun mixed feelings in their hearts.