Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5981: Light and Darkness

When the gate formed, Primordial Light and Primordial Darkness came into existence.

From then on, their paths differed entirely. The Primordial Light signified all that was good and wonderful in the Universe, and as soon as it was born, it left and became the colours of everything in existence.

On the other hand, the Primordial Darkness remained suppressed and sealed behind the gate. Time went on, and even when it developed its own consciousness, it could not escape. It was stuck in an endless sea of darkness and loneliness.

Even the Primordial Darkness craved the light!

If it had not been for Mu’s pity and its own persistent efforts, it would still be suppressed and sealed inside the gate right now, with no hope of ever getting out.

[Why!? We both came into existence together, so why did the Primordial Light get to leave while I, the darkness, had to remain in isolation?]

Mo sent his fist crashing down at Zhang Ruo Xi, but his interrogative cry for an answer was not directed at her, it was directed at the Heavenly Way which had been so unfair.

Zhang Ruo Xi’s Heaven’s Order Sword rose to block Mo’s furious strike which sent her flying away in a flash of white light.

A mere breath later, she flew back and stood in front of Mo, her brow furrowed as she studied him.

She could sense that there was something amiss about Mo’s present state.

Just as Mo had previously said to Mu, Mu and the Humans had made the right choice when they suppressed and sealed him inside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

As his power grew, his consciousness was barely able to control his own power. If Mu and the other Humans had not suppressed and sealed him, everything would have already been wiped from existence.

Yang Kai traversed across over 2,000 Universe Worlds and suppressed and sealed about a third of Mo’s Source Strength. Although this weakened Mo’s maximum power, it proved to be of great help to Mo as well, for he was now able to have full control over his strength.

However, when Mo saw Zhang Ruo Xi and sensed her power which entirely opposed its own, Black Ink Strength consumed his mind.

Light and darkness had always been opposing forms of existence.

The separation of the gate was the only reason why both came into existence at the same time.

Now that both of these opposing powers stood before each other, it turned into a battle that would not end until one was vanquished!

Black Ink Strength surged and gathered into an endless sea that seemed to drown out the entire void before charging straight at Zhang Ruo Xi and completely shrouding her.

Zhang Ruo Xi’s wings flickered behind her as her Heaven’s Order Sword lightly tapped the spot at her feet. All at once, light burst forth and vanquished the spreading darkness.

However, Mo seized this chance to draw nearer, swinging both his fists down at Zhang Ruo Xi.

She blocked with her sword but was once again sent tumbling. 

After her many years of hard cultivation back in the Chaotic Dead Territory, her power had grown by leaps and bounds thanks to her Heaven’s Order Bloodline as well as the power of the Sun’s Burning Light and Moon’s Serene Glimmer.

In terms of pure prowess alone, she was stronger than a Giant Spirit God and no Royal Lord could withstand more than three attacks from her.

That being said, now that she was up against Mo’s frenzied attacks, she was at a complete disadvantage and could not even hold her ground against him.

The Primordial Light had left as soon as it came into existence, it then split the power of Yin and Yang from itself. Afterwards, it crashed into what would become the Divine Spirit Ancestral Land and brought forth the many Divine Spirits and a Human woman who possessed the Heaven’s Order Bloodline.

If Zhang Ruo Xi could have gathered the pure power of Yin and Yang, and all of the Divine Spirits, then with the help of the Heaven’s Order Bloodline, she could have brought forth the full power of the Primordial Light once more.

Alas, too many Divine Spirits had perished, and the surviving ones numbered far too few in comparison to their peak.

Even if Zhang Ruo Xi wanted to try and bring forth the true power of the Primordial Light, there was no way for her to accomplish that.

In other words, the strength she possessed now was incomplete.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

However, Black Ink Strength was incomplete as well. Zhang Ruo Xi could sense the many gaps in Mo’s Source.

Nevertheless, even in this state, Mo was still the one with the upper hand as he had continued to grow stronger over millions of years.

After just a brief exchange, Zhang Ruo Xi knew full well that she was not Mo’s equal. She could only hold out for another half-hour or so before she would be defeated.

And, from the ruthless, murderous look on Mo’s face right now, if she were to be defeated, death was the only outcome that awaited her.

She had no choice!

Zhang Ruo Xi let out a soft sigh, and after blocking yet another one of Mo’s attacks, she raised her hand and made a grabbing motion as she cried out, “Come!”

A devastating battle had broken out outside the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction.

When Zhang Ruo Xi was around, her strength alone had been enough to deter the Black Ink Clan, making them fearfully hide in the darkness.

However, once she left, the Black Ink Clan sensed that their Supreme One had regained its power so they jumped into action.

They emerged from the darkness and challenged the Small Stone Race Army.

All at once, brutal fights exploded across the void.

The Small Stone Race Army numbered in the hundreds of millions, but the Black Ink Clan Army that emerged from the endless darkness far surpassed even that. This was the result of Mo’s accumulation over millions of years, so it was impossible to imagine just how many Masters from the Black Ink Clan there were right now.

There was no lack of Royal Lords either.

Faced with such a massive Army, the Human Race Army which only numbered a couple tens of millions was nothing more than a drop in the ocean.

It was only now that the Humans realised just how ridiculous their crusade was. If the Human Race had to face off against that many Masters from the Black Ink Clan alone, they had no chance of winning.

Thankfully, Zhang Ruo Xi brought the Small Stone Race Army with her!

Hundreds of millions of Small Stone Race Soldiers bore the brunt of the battle, so the Humans had a fighting chance.

Though the Human Race Army was far smaller in number, it consisted entirely of elite Masters whose strength could not be underestimated.

Under Mi Jing Lun’s command, the Human Army moved in an organized fashion to attack the Black Ink Clan and grind down their power. If someone from the Black Ink Clan was targeted by the Humans, their fate was sealed as they had no means of escaping. The Humans had grown stronger too and had dozens of Ninth-Order Masters among their ranks.

Furthermore, Wu Kuang no longer needed to control the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction, and thus, the terror of the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was unleashed for all to see.

Relying on the heritage of a Peak Ninth-Order Master, Wu Kuang weaved through the Black Ink Clan Army alone and killed all in his path. Even the Royal Lords could not stop him.

The situation with the two Giant Spirit Gods had changed as well. At the start of the battle, they had to guard the opening at the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction and had been besieged by swarms of Royal Lords as a result.

Now that the Primordial Heavens Source Grand Restriction was no more, they were no longer pinned down. Nothing held Ah Da and Ah Er back anymore, so they worked together to rampage through the Black Ink Clan Army. 

Everywhere they went, they crushed the enemy in their path.

Furthermore, there were also the eight Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters!

These eight were scattered across the Black Ink Clan Army as they slaughtered their opponents. Though it looked as if they were fighting separately, their auras remained connected in a Battle Formation that could bolster the strength of any one of them at any moment.

Some of the more arrogant Royal Lords had suffered due to ignorance and died from a single blow from them as a result.

Even though the Royal Lords might be as powerful as the Ninth-Order Small Stone Race Masters, their opponent could borrow the strength of their fellow Masters at any time, completely blindsiding the Royal Lords.

In this, the fiercest battle to have ever taken place in Human history, huge swaths of soldiers from the Small Stone Race and Black Ink Clan died every second.

The Divine Spirits who received the Great Sun and Great Moon Marks from Yang Kai weaved through the battlefield to wield the power of the two Marks.

Each time they did so, yellow and blue light would shoot out from the rocks left behind by the fallen Small Stone Race members. The two lights merged and turned into dazzling Purifying Light that killed scores of the Black Ink Clan Army. At the same time, it cleared the Black Ink Strength left behind by the deaths of the Black Ink Clansmen, thus changing the environment of the battlefield.

The Human Race Army kept snaking their way around the battlefield without ever coming to a stop as they would be surrounded by the Black Ink Clan if they did.

The situation was dire and fraught with tension.

Even an old veteran like Mi Jing Lun could not predict how this battle would ultimately go.

The Armies on both sides were too great in numbers; the battle had to proceed for some time before the chances of victory grew clearer.

The Human Race and the Small Stone Race Armies simply had to work together to persistently slaughter their enemy and fight to emerge victorious!

Everyone knew that this was the final battle. If they won, peace would return to all the lands, but if they lost… The Humans had come to terms with the outcome of a defeat. All they could do now was give their all for one last time.

Even though the Humans focused on the outskirts of the battlefield, they were still under a lot of pressure. Now and then, the Black Ink Clan Army would try to cut them off and they would have to carve out a path for themselves through blood and slaughter.

One after another, numerous Warships exploded and the Human Race Masters died alongside them. Amidst this battlefield, even the Divine Spirits were at risk of peril.

A clear Phoenix cry echoed through the void as the 30 or so different-coloured Phoenixes transformed into their True Forms and spread their wings.

They were the only remaining clansmen of the Phoenix Clan!

The Phoenix Clansmen were carefully guarding the giant Parasol Tree in their centre, their Sacred Treasure.

They had not used their Sacred Treasure in any of their precious battles as it was the foundation of their existence. All of the Phoenix Clan came from the Immortal Parasol Tree.

However, this was the final battle, so the Phoenix Clan no longer held back.

A white Phoenix, together with its clansmen, sat on the Parasol Tree and wielded the power of the Sacred Treasure, causing space to twist and contort.

The contortions circled the Human Race Army, and as the Space rippled, the Humans vanished.

At the very next breath, the Human Race Army emerged in a completely different part of the battlefield where the situation was dire.

The Small Stone Race Army’s defence lines were on the verge of breaking; however, the Black Ink Clan had been caught off-guard by the sudden appearance of the Human Race Army and soon, the situation stabilised as the Black Ink Clan suffered heavy casualties.

Once again, Space rippled…

With the help of the power of the Phoenix Clan and the Immortal Parasol Tree, the Human Race Army shuttled the Void to different parts of the battlefield to stop the Black Ink Clan’s frenzied attempts to break through the front lines.

Nevertheless, the Phoenix Clan’s aid could not be sustained forever. After numerous uses of their strength, they could no longer maintain their True Forms and reverted back to their Human Forms, the Immortal Parasol Tree then weakened and dimmed.

Without the blessing of the Immortal Parasol Tree, the Humans lost their ability to freely traverse the battlefield. Worse, what they had done earlier drew the attention of countless Masters from the Black Ink Clan, and now, the Black Ink Clan charged at the Humans in a bid to seek vengeance by wiping them out for good.

Dragon Roars then rang out as the Dragon Clan combined their strength and summoned the Crystal Palace.

Similarly, numerous Sacred Treasures were summoned across the battlefield. These were the foundation of the various Divine Spirit Clans, and every single one of them had gone through countless years of accumulation and refinement. The Divine Spirits would not summon them unless their very existence was threatened.