Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 6006: Breakthrough

The Masters in the Taboo Realm came from different Universes, so the cultivation systems were naturally different as well. For example, the World where Chong Jiu came from did not cultivate the Open Heaven Realm Method, the denizens of his world had their own way of dividing the Realms.

Be that as it may, the fundamental principles of cultivation were more or less the same. At Yang Kai’s and the others’ Realm, the prime focus of cultivation was the comprehension and application of the Grand Daos.

The shining golden tree behind Chong Jiu was his Dao, the Space-Time River was Yang Kai’s Dao, and the sword-wielding stalwart man fighting Yang Kai had a Dao of his own.

The sword in his hand was precisely his Dao!

Yang Kai had never seen a Master with such a pure Dao. Yang Kai had seen and fought many Masters over the past 8,000 years, but none could compare to the sword-wielding stalwart man in terms of pure offence and aggression.

In any battle, the stalwart man was constantly on the attack, essentially disregarding defence entirely. At most, he would dodge a little when necessary.

Fighting such a person was incredibly frustrating and it was extremely difficult to reach a conclusion as the only way to settle things with any sense of finality, was for someone to die.

“Jian Ba, there is no enmity between us, why must you insist on fighting?” After exchanging blows for a while longer, Yang Kai shouted as the waves under him swirled.

Jing Ba, who was standing right across from him, hideously grinned, “Why bring up enmity in this damned place? Since I’m here, one of us will die today, the question is whether it will be you or I!”

Yang Kai slowly shook his head. He was completely unable to reason with him.

If the Shadow Secret Technique could be used, Yang Kai was confident he could defeat Jian Ba, but he had already summoned shadows from 8,000 years of his future when he was fighting with Mo, which ultimately caused him to be trapped here. He was basically unable to use the Shadow Secret Technique.

Shadows of the same Space-Time could only be summoned once.

Helpless, Yang Kai could only use the power of his Space-Time River to fight ceaselessly with Jian Ba.

However, Yang Kai was feeling uneasy for some unknown reason today. He thought that he was feeling unnerved because the 8,000-year deadline was approaching, but later he realized that wasn’t the case.

He could not afford to get distracted when fighting someone as powerful as Jian Ba; so, how could he have the spare energy to consider the 8,000-year deadline?

What caused him to feel uneasy must be something external!

As such, he was slowly losing ground against Jian Ba.

Chong Jiu, who was watching the battle from afar, noticed this unusual situation and couldn’t help but furrow his brow. Nonetheless, he too had no idea what was going on with Yang Kai. Furthermore, he was being marked by Jiang Ba’s companion. He could not lend Yang Kai a hand, and could only wait and watch.

Fearsome Dao Strength shockwaves spread into the surroundings as the two men clashed endlessly until at one point, Yang Kai suddenly heard a shout ring in his ear.

Yang Kai instantly fell into a trance, but before he could hear it clearly, Jian Ba had already disappeared.

Immediately, a sense of crisis gripped his entire body. Yang Kai knew that he was in real trouble. His figure quickly distorted and faded away, but the next moment, Jiang Ba arrived before him and slashed down at his fading figure. 

A splash of blood spattered into the void while Yang Kai’s figure appeared in another direction, promptly covering his abdomen. Apparently, Jiang Ba’s sword had cut him, leaving a gaping wound.

The indistinct shout once again rang in his ear. Yang Kai shook his head, trying to disperse this strange sound, but to no avail.

Just after the first shout, a second shout soon followed, and then a third, a fourth…

In just a few breaths, Yang Kai felt countless voices ringing in his head. These countless voices jumbled into an incoherent noise before eventually converging into two words.

It was naturally his name!

Having wounded Yang Kai, Jian Ba doggedly pursued him, but just as he was about to make his move, a great sense of horror suddenly gripped his heart. The moment this sense of horror emerged, Jian Ba’s eyes went wide. It was not terror or fear Jian Ba felt though, but instead extreme excitement.

Because ever since his cultivation had reached its peak, no one had been able to give him such a feeling. Even in this Taboo Realm, where he had encountered countless Masters, no one had struck true terror into his heart.

But at this moment, against an enemy who had been wounded by him, this long-lost feeling had reappeared.

Jian Ba couldn’t help but recall the Masters he had faced when he was weak.

The sword that had accompanied him all his life began to hum, warning him to retreat.

Jian Ba didn’t retreat though; instead, he swung his sword down, causing the expressions of Chong Jiu and the other experts watching from afar to become extremely solemn. Because this attack could be said to be the strongest sword attack they had ever seen. It was Jiang Ba’s all-out strike.

Once he executed this attack, his target would definitely die!

The sword light filled everyone’s vision, blinding them.

When the sword light disappeared, Chong Jiu and the other Master quickly looked up and what entered their sight made their eyes crack wide open in shock.

Much to their surprise, Yang Kai had not blocked that sword strike at all and simply let it fall on his shoulder. It almost severed his arm, but it didn’t, as the endless river water happened to be wrapped around Jian Ba’s sword and wrist, preventing him from following through.

Although Yang Kai was injured, his expression was extremely strange, he seemed a little confused yet also a little relieved.

What caught Chong Jiu’s attention was the Void behind Yang Kai, which looked extremely unusual at the moment. It happened to be continuously distorting, and through this distorted space, a faint distortion of Space-Time emerged from some unknown place.

[The restriction of this place had been broken!]

When Chong Jiu recalled Yang Kai’s confident words, his heart began to pound violently, [Could it be that the rumours circulating in the Taboo Realm are true? Did enough people in Yang Kai’s Universe still remember him? But, how is that possible?]

Anyone who entered this place would be quickly forgotten; otherwise, how could the Masters who had entered this place be unable to leave even after so many aeons?

But other than this possibility, Chong Jiu could not find a better explanation.

“Yang Kai!” He quickly called out.

Yang Kai, who was immersed in this wonderful feeling, raised his head and smiled at him before turning to look at Jian Ba, who was still standing at arm’s length. Under Jian Ba’s stunned gaze, Yang Kai stretched out two fingers and grabbed his sword.

“It turns out that only by breaking the restriction here can one pry into the higher realms of the Martial Dao!”

Saying so, Yang Kai gently raised his fingers, lifting up the long sword that had cut into his shoulder.

The corners of Jian Ba’s eyes twitched violently as his instincts were giving off warning bells.

At this moment, Yang Kai gave him a very strange feeling, as if he was about to achieve some kind of breakthrough.

This feeling left him in a great shock. The Masters in the Taboo Realm had already reached their limits. The reason they were trapped here was because they wanted to break through to higher realms, but in the end, they had touched upon the Taboos of the Heavens.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Today, he had seen both an amazing truth and an incredible secret.

Breaking the restriction of this place would allow one to gain insight into the next realm!

This was a huge blow to Jian Ba’s mental state. Not to mention him, even Chong Jiu, who was watching from afar, and the companion Jian Ba had invited, felt the same way.

“Stand down!” Yang Kai looked at Jian Ba and declared.

Jian Ba naturally ignored him, gritting his teeth as he poured all his strength into the long sword and pushed it down without muttering a word, seemingly intent on cutting Yang Kai in two.

The sword in his hand was his Dao, backing down would be equivalent to abandoning his Dao, so how could he possibly agree?