Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 97 - title is a spoiler so it is at the end

Translator - Luffy (On a roll lately I think XD)

Editors - Ben & Erza

These two disciples from Storm House had no enmity or grudges with Kai Yang, however during their pursuit of him many of their brothers had died, they did not have enough power to turn against Wen Fei Chen for revenge, so they could only hold Kai Yang responsible for deaths of their brothers.

At that moment, personally meeting the enemy, naturally they would be infuriated.

Brother Xiong smiled while sizing up Kai Yang before coldly saying, “Courageous, he unexpectedly dares to challenge us, where is the female disciple you saved?”

“If you can defeat me I will tell you.” Kai Yang’s knuckles made cracking noises as he formed them into fists, shaking his head he slowly walked towards the two.

Brother Xiong laughed, “Acting recklessly, junior brother help me to pick up the goods after I have taught him a lesson.”

While speaking he drew out the long sword hanging from his waist from its sheath, then took a stance before attacking Kai Yang.

Brother Xiong was an initial element boundary sixth level practitioner, with Kai Yang’s initial element boundary fourth level cultivation they had a difference of two levels. In his hand was also a sharp weapon which further increased his advantage.

The move he executed was only for probing, brother Xiong did not believe he would be able to get rid of Kai Yang with this move.

In the darkness the sword flashed before Kai Yang, Kai Yang quickly moved sideways to dodge, following this brother Xiong raised his sword again and attacked Kai Yang several times in succession, Kai Yang dodged all of his attacks, after this exchange they both stepped back from each other.

Brother Xiong laughed, “A rice grain dares to dream of glory, Kai Yang your life is mine to take. Come!”

The previous attacks had given him get a clear understanding of Kai Yang’s strength, now that he had a basic idea about how Kai Yang fought he could easily kill him, activating his World Qi, wind and lightning sounds came from senior brother Xiong’s blade.

“Thunder Wind Cry!” Brother Xiong swung his sword heavily, on his long sword there was lighting visible, which in turn produced an arc of lightning as he swung his sword, this arc was incomparably sharp and was moving towards Kai Yang’s chest at great speed, Kai Yang was left unable to dodge this attack.

Kai Yang really was unable to dodge this attack, but on his face there was no trace of panic, instead he simply raised his palm towards the blade.

Brother Xiong sneered, in his heart he was thinking the body of this sword is covered in lightning and you are merely an initial element boundary fourth level, if it touches you then you will be paralyzed and will be at my mercy.

Thinking this Brother Xiong increased the speed at which the blade was approaching Kai Yang.

Kai Yang made a low sound, his palm became incomparably red, just like a burning flame, brother Xiong felt a heat wave coming towards him which not only removed the cold from the surrounding area but also made him feel like he was crashing into a sea of fire, this made him feel like he was actually on fire.

“Clang.......” A metallic sound could be heard, Kai Yang’s palm was on top of the sword, whenever his palm came into contact with lightning, the lightning would just suddenly vanish, due to this sudden collision, the long sword was also diverted from its original path, instead it ended up merely scratching Kai Yang’s shoulder without injuring him.

Brother Xiong became startled, in this confrontation he had found that his World Qi was simply not a match for his opponent’s. Could it be that he was not an initial element fourth level practitioner afterall? Could his World Qi actually be more concentrated than his own?

Moreover the World Qi contained in Kai Yang’s palm a moment ago was truly too pure, otherwise it would be impossible for it to extinguish the lightning on his sword.

Brother Xiong became uneasy as he thought of these things, retrieving his sword he hurriedly retreated away from Kai Yang, he was preparing to stabilize his Qi before trying again, but was Kai Yang going to give him this chance? While retreating brother Xiong became unbalanced, in his gaze there was now a trace of fear, he felt a fist impact against his stomach, then blood spurted out from his mouth.

Kai Yang knew that he needed to deal with a lot of enemies, so he was in a hurry to deal with these two, he didn’t even hesitate to consume a drop of Yang liquid, using it in his strike to kill his opponent as soon as possible.

Brother Xiong’s body stopped moving and became motionless, the only remaining sound was the howling of the Yin Qi throughout the mountain valley which also created an eerie atmosphere.

The younger disciple from Storm House didn’t understand what had occurred and after a short while he called out in a soft voice, “Xiong elder brother, bro.... Brother Xiong.”

Before his voice had fallen, brother Xiong’s body fell to the ground, Kai Yang grinned suddenly, straightening his body he said, “Your elder brother Xiong just set foot on the road to the Yellow Springs and will be waiting for you.”

The younger disciple stared dumbfounded at Kai Yang before making a strange cry and attempting to run for it.

His strength was inferior to brother Xiong, he was only at the initial element boundary fifth level, Kai Yang had killed elder brother Xiong in one move, how could he have enough strength to cope with him?

“Running away?” Kai Yang sneered, in his hand he was holding Xiong’s long sword while he pursued.

It could be said that the Yin Qi in the mountain valley was helping Kai Yang, everyone was suffering under the corrosive effect of the Yin Qi and their strength was reduced, only Kai Yang who had practiced the True Yang tactics, which was a natural counter to Yin Qi, simply didn’t need to worry about it affecting him.

He just needed to consume a little of his Yang Qi to scatter the chill in his surroundings.

Although the young disciple from Storm House was an initial element boundary fifth level practitioner, in this mountain valley the strength he could wield was comparatively lower.

After pursuing him for a short while, the distance between Kai Yang and him was reduced greatly, now he was merely 10 feet away, this distance was close enough.

Kai Yang threw the long sword while he was running, the sound of the wind being cut could be heard, the young disciple initiated a movement martial art with the intent of dodging.

But without enough time to complete his skill, the distance of ten feet had become zero.

Seeing no way to escape the Storm House disciple became decisive, turning around quickly, he took out his own weapon, but he only saw a streak of bright red light coming his way, almost by instinct he crossed his long sword over his body to block the attack.

Bang...... bang, the bright red weapon cut through his sword like a knife cutting through tofu, his weapon was instantly cut in half, in the next moment he felt his neck becoming hot, however was no longer able to distinguish between the different directions and fell down.

Kai Yang stopped, in his fingers he was holding a bright red long sword, which was dripping blood. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The disciple from Storm House rolled over, he was staring up at Kai Yang, he was not even able to make a single sound, after a moment his head suddenly burst open and it looked like bloody rain was falling from the sky.

They were both dead!

He had won this battle easily, he didn’t even need to use the golden skeleton and was still able to deal with them, in previous fights Kai Yang always needed to rely on that mysterious skill every time he fought with an enemy, but this time he discovered that even without using that mysterious skill he was able to fight with people at higher levels of cultivation than him.

Kai Yang thought that it was necessary to re-examine his strength.

Kai Yang was about to leave the scene, however from both sides of his current location he could hear the sound of clothes flapping due to the wind.

From left it sounded like two people were coming, while from right it only sounded like there was one person. It should be the strange sounding cry made by the young disciple which had attracted them.

Kai Yang wanted to hide, but after thinking carefully for a moment he rapidly closed in on the sound coming from his left side instead.

It was he had thought, these were the remaining three disciples from Storm House.

They had thought that looking separately would be more effective, so they had separated from each other but still didn’t go too far from each other.

Now the remaining three were all coming, it was naturally what he had wished for. The strength of the Storm House disciples was much lower than the strength of those from the Blood Group.