Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 980, Junior Brother, What Are You Doing?

Outside Xia Ning Chang’s room, the fat Chang Bao interrogated Yang Kai, his spit flying all over the place as he loudly scolded.

“Xia girl hasn’t left her room for half a month now, even refusing to perform Alchemy, and it’s all your fault!” Hong Fang also said unceremoniously.

Kong Ruo Yu coldly snorted and continued, “As a man, it is your responsibility to make your woman feel safe and secure, not cause her grief. As Master of Nine Heavens Holy Land, you’re fine, but in this area, you have a long way to go.”

Even Du Wan, who had the best relationship with Yang Kai, solemnly said, “Hurry up and think about how to comfort her.”

At this moment, the five Grandmasters seemed to be firmly standing on Xia Ning Chang’s side, vigorously protecting her while blaming Yang Kai.

Yang Kai froze up like a wooden chicken.

He hadn’t anticipated that the relationship between Little Senior Sister and the five Grandmasters would become so close.

He clearly remembered when the five Grandmasters first came to the Holy Land and were willing to put down their pride just to ask him to allow them to study the Alchemic Way with him.

Back then, he had received much respect from these five Grandmasters.

But now, it seemed Xia Ning Chang’s status far surpassed his own in the minds of the five Grandmasters.

“Uh...” Yang Kai opened his mouth but before he could say anything to defend himself was cut off by Hong Fang.

Hong Fang squinted with displeasure towards him and snorted, “Boy, I heard you insisted on going to the Starry Sky to chase a woman, yes? What kind of woman can compare with Xia girl?”

“That’s right, Little Xia is already the best girl in the world. Don’t try to eat from the pot with your bowl already full.”

“Xia girl is kind, gentle, understanding, pure, innocent, and cute; it really makes one wonder how she could take a liking to a little bastard like you?”

Facing a second round of reprimands, Yang Kai was again struck speechless.

“Xia girl, don’t be sad!” Kong Ruo Yu suddenly turned to the door and shouted, “You don’t need to care about such an indecisive man, another day this old lady will introduce you to a fine young man, although he may not be as good as Yang Kai, he is still a dragon among men.”

Yang Kai’s face instantly went black as he said flatly, “Old Kong, if you don’t want that person to have an ‘accident’, it would be best if he never appeared in the Holy Land.”

Kong Ruo Yu stared back at him defiantly, “What? So you’re allowed to act half-hearted but Xia girl can’t even make her own choice?”

“That’s not what I meant...” Yang Kai felt a headache coming on as he was unable to explain clearly, wondering just what these five Grandmasters had taken to cause them to interfere in the love of a man and woman.

*Zhiya...*

The door suddenly opened and in the darkness, Xia Ning Chang appeared in front of everyone, her pair of beautiful eyes shining brightly without the slightest trace of impurities.

However, everyone could tell that her eyes were a little red and swollen.

“Don’t say such bad things about Junior Brother...” Xia Ning Chang spoke in a voice as quiet as a mosquito as she turned to stare at Yang Kai faintly, biting her thin lip as she said, “The one Junior Brother is going to find is Senior Sister Su Yan. Senior Sister is a very good person.”

“Ha, you’ve finally decided to come out great aunt,” Chang Bao sighed as he wiped the sweat from his forehead while hurriedly asking if Xia Ning Chang was alright.

“Junior Brother, come inside so we can talk!” Xia Ning Chang pulled Yang Kai into her room.

Yang Kai turned around as they walked in and somehow squeezed out a smile, “Five Grandmasters also rest early!”

Before they could reply, the door was quickly closed.

“This smelly brat...” Hong Fang snorted before letting out a helpless laugh.

“Good, Yang Kai should be fine on his own from here on out,” Du Wan chuckled, “We should also retire.”

The Grandmasters were all seasoned people and naturally understood the pain in Xia Ning Chang’s heart. Them harshly reprimanding Yang Kai just now was mostly to arouse Xia Ning Chang’s sympathy and force her to come out.

(Silavin: Wow. Scheming bastards! I think I can take note of this trick to use in the future!)

Any issues young people had just needed them to open their hearts and discuss to resolve.

Inside the room, after the five Grandmasters drifted away, Yang Kai stared towards Xia Ning Chang with a look of apology.

“I am going to find Su Yan, I came here tonight to tell you,” he said.

“I know!” Xia Ning Chang gently nodded, “I won’t stop you, I’m just a bit reluctant to part.”

Saying so, her crystal clear eyes became misty and she plunged herself into Yang Kai’s arms, burying her head in his chest.

Tears began to wet Yang Kai’s clothes as Xia Ning Chang’s voice came out, “You don’t need to worry about here, just find Su Yan and bring her back.”

“En,” Yang Kai nodded heavily, embracing the beautiful woman tightly, feeling the softness and heat of her body. Yang Kai surprisingly felt not the slightest hint of arousal, only a sense of reluctance and guilt.

Xia Ning Chang seemed to sense his concerns and softly whispered, “You don’t have to feel guilty because I know that if Master had taken me to the Starry Sky, you would also search for me, right?”

“Of course!” Yang Kai tightened his embrace, feeling especially gratified for Little Senior Sister’s understanding.

“I also believe that you will find her,” Xia Ning Chang suddenly raised her head and stared at him with her beautiful crescent-shaped eyes.

“Why?”

“Because you already found us once!” Xia Ning Chang declared firmly, “This time you will certainly not fail. If two people are destined to be together, no matter how far apart they are, no matter how much time passes by, they will inevitably reunite. I used to think so, and now I believe so because in my most hopeless and isolated moment, you...” Speaking until here, Xia Ning Chang’s voice became incredibly quiet, as if she was ashamed to even say her next words.

“What about me?” Yang Kai stared at her intently, a strange smile forming on his lips.

Xia Ning Chang’s face flushed with embarrassment, her eyes sinking slightly as her delicate hands gripped Yang Kai’s clothes and whispered in a nearly inaudible voice, “You appeared like a hero.”

As soon as she spoke these words, Little Senior Sister’s cheeks blushed bright red and her heart began racing, causing her tender body to heat up even further.

She was not the kind of person who would easily reveal their inner thoughts, especially the ones close to her heart. Speaking her true feelings just now was already her limit.

She suddenly recalled the time they traveled together to the Nine Yin Mountain Valley in order to obtain the Nine Yin Yuan Condensing Dew, when she and Yang Kai had suffered an ambush.

Inside that mountain valley, when she fell into mortal danger, Yang Kai had stood tall in front of her, becoming battered and bloody all to protect her.

At that time, his back wasn’t nearly as broad as it was now, even seeming a bit weak and unreliable, but he still stood a firm as a mountain, shielding her from the wind and rain.

From that point on, his figure had quietly been imprinted into her heart, greatly moving her heartstrings.

Every time she thought about to that scene, Xia Ning Chang’s heart filled with a warm sweetness.

After that, for ten years she had been separated from Yang Kai, and as she followed her Master east and west, she had met no shortage of talented young men, heirs of big Sects and families, many of whom expressed their admiration to her without any disguise.

However, she had always remained indifferent, her heart never moving for any of these men.

She was waiting.

And finally, after many years, she achieved her wish.

When her Master had been trapped, unable to escape, and she had been plunged into the depths of desperation and helplessness, that same figure from her memories appeared in front of her again, breaking open the dark clouds that blinded her to all hope and showering her in endless light.

At that moment, she felt that even if she were to immediately die, it would be worth it, such was the excitement and joy that filled her heart.

Today, he was leaving, and what she needed to do was wait.

Waiting calmly and expectantly. Xia Ning Chang felt that she was not lacking in patience. Even if the seas dried up and the mountains crumbled to dust, she would continue to wait. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Suddenly, her body felt light and Xia Ning Chang couldn’t help but shout tenderly. By the time she reacted, she found that she had already been lifted up by Yang Kai’s.

His arms were strong and powerful, making her feel comfortable and safe, as if she was afloat in the most peaceful of harbours, all her weariness and anxiety melting away.

“Junior Brother, what are you doing?” Xia Ning Chang called out tenderly as she noticed that Yang Kai was staring at her with a meaningful smile and walking step by step towards her bed.

Under his soft gaze, Xia Ning Chang felt like she was melting like snow in the early spring.

She was faintly aware of what was happening and her heart began pounding fiercely. Her breathing quickened and an astonishing amount of heat rose from her tender body.

Yang Kai still just smiled meaningfully, causing Xia Ning Chang to involuntarily close her beautiful eyes, bite her lip and tuck her head into his chest, not daring to face him.

Feeling a softness on her back, Xia Ning Chang found herself lying on the bed, the bright moonlight pouring down onto her from the nearby open window.

Yang Kai sat on the edge of the bed and stared at this beautiful scene, his hands gently brushing Little Senior Sister’s hair.

“Little Senior Sister, do you remember that time in High Heaven Pavilion when I went out on a mission and returned at night to find you lying in my bed, fast asleep?” Yang Kai asked suddenly.

Xia Ning Chang opened his eyes slightly and whispered, “That was so long ago, I don’t remember.”

How could she not remember? She was clearly just too ashamed to admit it.

On that day, she had come to deliver a message to Yang Kai. Back then, the two of them weren’t familiar with each other and had never even exchanged greetings before. She had waited inside his small wooden house but Yang Kai never came back.

While she was waiting, she had at some point fallen asleep.

When she awoke, she found Yang Kai standing by the bed, staring at her with an infatuated gaze.

Xia Ning Chang didn’t know when he had come back, but she could still clearly remember that Yang Kai’s eyes at the time contained no obscenity, only admiration.

It seemed like he was unable to bear to wake her from her rest.

“That time was almost exactly the same as right now,” Yang Kai’s voice was soft and his eyes filled with love, “The gentle moonlight shining down on you, the sapphire gem on your forehead reflecting their radiance. At that time, Junior Brother was startled by your beauty. Junior Brother was very envious back then, wondering which lucky man you would choose to be with in the future. How could I have known that lucky man would be me?”

His sincere words filled with tender affection were like a sharp sword which pierced through Little Senior Sister’s defences, causing her to become lost in their honeyed sweetness, unable to extricate herself from this blissful happiness.

Her eyes blurred, and her delicate ears become bright red, a pink flush dying her neck as her heart beats rapidly, a burning flame bursting from her body as she directed a look of anticipation towards Yang Kai, reaching up and wrapping her delicate arms around his neck and gently pulling him towards her.

Her defences broke and she fell to the enemy’s hands in an instant.