Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1803 Chosen by the Monster

Han Sen looked at the green eyes, shining in the dark. Quickly, he recognized what they looked like. They belonged to creatures that looked like lizards. But their heads were much bigger, like a bull’s. Their skin was grey like rocks, enabling them to blend into the darkness. It was difficult to make out the shape of their bodies.

The creatures were close to the stone pillars now. They opened their mouths and revealed fangs and snake-like tongues. A strange sort of saliva bubbled around their tongues, as well.

“What are they? Are the Chaos feeding us to them?” One of the higher race people asked in fear.

Monsters were approaching from each and every angle. They surrounded the meadow of the stone pillars. There were dozens of them, and if they wanted to eat the people tied to the pillars, there still wouldn’t be enough to satisfy them all.

The monsters surrounded them, looking at them from outside the circle of the pillars. None stepped into the perimeter, though. As everyone looked on in shock, they heard a long howl. The monsters cleared a path, as if clearing the way for a general to come through.

Another lizard-like monster emerged, but this one was smaller. It was only the size of a dog.

The monster raised its head, making itself look very noble. Its body was smaller than the other monsters, but it looked more alive. Instead of being grey, it was dark-red, the color of chicken blood.

The monsters watched the smaller monster approach, and then they lowered their heads as if they were bowing before a king.

The small monster came to the pillar area and did not stop. It walked inside and began checking everyone out The little monster was looking at all of them like an experienced farmer that was choosing livestock.

Han Sen found the sight somewhat disturbing, and he had no clue what the monster’s intentions were.

The higher races were all stunned, too. They were afraid the little monster would chomp their heads off, and they had no hope of fighting back.

Yisha was still resting with her eyes closed, and she didn’t look scared in the least

Han Sen was thinking to himself, “I wonder when she got herself caught? It’s weird how she doesn’t seem worried about the monster potentially eating her. She must know something about what’s going on.”

Han Sen knew Yisha must hate him now, though. She’d probably murder him this instant if she could. There was no way she would share information with him, so he didn’t ask.

The little monster walked around the captured people, and eventually took a step back. It reached out its claws and touched one of the higher races. It seemed as if it had made a selection.

The higher race that was touched went pale. He was afraid that he was about to become a meal for the creatures.

The monster walked around until the claws stopped at Han Sen. They remained pointed at him.

Han Sen’s heart jolted, and he thought to himself, “I can’t be this unlucky, can I? He probably thinks my meat is soft, and so that is why he wants to start eating me first”

The little monster made a loud baring noise when it pointed at Han Sen. Another monster then came from beyond the perimeter, racing towards Han Sen with the ferocity of a tiger.

Those of the higher races felt relieved. It seemed as if the monster was picky, and it wasn’t willing to select them for food.

But they were wrong. The monster then pointed at a few more of the higher races. Some other monsters came from the outside and approached them. Those who were chosen, aside from Han Sen, were Yisha, Vic, Rock Falls Duke, and the birdfaced higher race man.

After that, the little monster lowered its paw. It had finished choosing. The other higher race people felt relieved.

When Han Sen saw the monsters come, his mind raced for a way in which he might escape the predicament He couldn’t fight them, and nor he could he simply run away. Han Sen thought fleeing to the sanctuary might be the only way he could successfully hide.

Han Sen looked at the monster in front of him, and suddenly, he realized that he might have misunderstood the creature’s intentions. So, before he committed to teleporting away, he decided to wait.

The monster came in front of Han Sen and its teeth flashed toward him. The monster didn’t hurt his flesh, though. Instead, the creature just used its teeth to break the rope that bound him.

After a few hearty bites, the rope was broken. Han Sen was free. He moved his hands and wrists, then looked at the monster with surprise.

This same thing happened with the others, as they were each approached by a monster which then freed them. The former captives were all given quite the shock.

After the ropes were cut, the lizards turned around like camels. They allowed themselves to be ridden.

Han Sen and the others still weren’t sure what was going on.

When Han Sen and the others didn’t immediately get on the monsters, though, the little monster snarled. It seemed to be telling them that they should hurry and hop on. The freed people looked at each other, gauging the mood, but no one dared hop on. Yisha, however, jumped onto the monster’s back without hesitation.

After she settled down on the creature’s back, it immediately trotted away.

Han Sen mounted the monster in front of him, too. It was headed in the same direction.

Vic and Rocks Fall Duke gritted their teeth before climbing onto their own lizards. The monsters took them all away, beyond the oasis.

When the little monster saw Han Sen and the others riding off, it barked a command for the rest of the monsters to disperse. The monsters did as commanded, slinking back into the desert.

The higher races that weren’t chosen felt great relief wash over them. They believed those who had been chosen were going to become food. Perhaps they were being taken away, to be fed upon later.

Vic and the others were all nervous, though. They weren’t sure if the trip they were on was a good one. But they had little choice in the matter, and there was no turning back for them now. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The monsters ran through the desert, and it was surprisingly cold there at night. Even so, the sky was mesmerizingly clear. The stars were shining so brightly that it looked as if you could reach out your hand and pick them up.

After walking for half the night, Han Sen saw a glow in front of him like a spinning galaxy. There were countless snakes ahead, lit up like a tangle of glowsticks.