Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2187 Watching the Destroyed Inheritance

The three lights of the triangle merged to become a swirling grey color. When you looked at the symbol from one side, the grey color shifted to black, and if you looked from the other side, the grey turned white.

The triangle seemed to pulse with that mystic grey. The color stained Han Meng’er’s power grey, as well.

Han Sen could sense a frightening presence radiating from the power, and it seemed as if all that energy was going to explode.

Han Meng’er held the Bible comfortably in one hand, as if she hadn’t noticed any of the power surging around her. Her other hand flicked through the Bible’s pages. From what Han Sen could see, there were many images and sections of text within. It was like he was watching a 3D movie flicker past on the pages.

Although Han Sen couldn’t open the book himself, he had no trouble seeing the book’s content now that someone else had opened it.

The images were so impressive that they made Han Sen feel like he was watching a supernova. The universe began; the universe was destroyed. Life was started; life was ended.

“Born from the Destroyed. Live for the Destroyed. Survival is the Destroyed.” Han Sen examined the first line of the Destroyed Bible.

The Destroyed Bible was a deified treasure, a holy book of the Destroyed race. It recorded the practices of their alpha’s geno arts, his experiences, and the understandings he had come to throughout his entire lifetime.

As Han Sen read the Destroyed Bible, it was like he could hear the Destroyed Alpha explaining geno arts. He could see the true meaning of it all. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Han Sen was delighted. Destroyed geno arts required the user to possess all three powers, but Han Sen did not have chaos power. Because of this, he lacked the ability to cast Destroyed powers.

But the Destroyed Alpha’s explanations clarified a whole host of things and filled Han Sen with inspiration. He was able to understand Break Six Skies much more deeply because of it.

The Destroyed were a part of the Breakskies, and they even claimed to be the royalty of that ancient race. No matter what the case might have been, the geno arts the Destroyed alpha left behind had a connection with Break Six Skies.

The things Han Sen had learned from the Destroyed geno arts gave him a vat of additional knowledge that he could apply to Break Six Skies.

Han Sen had been stuck in the first tier of Break Six Skies. Now he was able to understand more. Proficiency with the geno art allowed access to the second tier. And as he learned more, he would be able to keep climbing.

Break Six Skies was not a technique that could be practiced to gain greater strength. It forced a student to teach themselves to utilize their powers more effectively. However, progressing with the art required a lot of understanding and knowledge.

As he studied Break Six Skies, Han Sen sometimes felt like an ancient swordsman trying to understand how bombs were made.

The geno art required understanding rather than raw strength. If a student understood how the geno art’s powers worked, then they could control the power and unleash its full potential. And that was more than enough.

Whether the practitioner was a Baron or a deified elite, they could still access all tiers of Break Six Skies. The level of power output would be the only difference between the skill being used by someone weak and someone strong; the techniques themselves would remain unchanged.

Low level Nobles did not really understand that power, though. It was difficult for them to make use of Break Six Skies.

Han Sen was still in the beginning phases of learning these techniques. Or at least, he had been. By reading the Destroyed Bible, he was able to understand more about how its power worked. Break Six Skies improved greatly in a short amount of time.

By merely watching as Han Meng’er flipped through the Destroyed Bible, Han Sen’s Break Six Skies was able to progress and reach the third tier.

As the content of the Destroyed Bible was revealed, the grey power seeped into Han Meng’er’s body. She stared at the Destroyed Bible with an unreadable expression. The Destroyed Bible began to morph in her hands. Not long after, the Destroyed Bible had transformed into a grey arrow. The grey Destroyed power sank into her hands and subsided.

If Han Sen hadn’t actually watched it happen, he never would have believed that the stone arrow she now possessed was actually the Destroyed Bible. He couldn’t detect even a trace of Destroyed power radiating from it.

Han Meng’er lifted the Destroyed Bible and looked at Han Sen. “Father, thank you very much for this arrow.”

“Oh, I’m glad you like it,” Han Sen stumbled. Luckily, Han Meng’er was rather naive, so she didn’t notice his awkwardness over the whole affair.

Han Sen was on the third tier of Break Six Skies, and as he realized that, he quickly tried to recall everything he had seen from the Destroyed Bible. If he had any more breakthroughs, that would be the greatest reward.

Aside from Super Spank, Break Six Skies was the strongest geno art Han Sen had in his arsenal. When he wasn’t using his Dollar identity, Break Six Skies was effective enough as a killing power to be depended on.

It was a shame that Break Six Skies was so powerful, though. If he used it in close-quarter combat, there was every chance he could blow himself up.

It was fortunate that Spell provided him with three different weapons. Their range meant that they were the perfect tools to pair with Break Six Skies.

“Meng’er, stay with me for a little while. I have a geno art I would like to teach you.” If Han Sen could teach her Break Six Skies, then she could have those destructive powers as well.

Although many problems could not be solved through violence, they still needed to be able to unleash violence and overwhelm any force that happened to be aimed at them.

So, Han Sen spent some time teaching his daughter. When he was done, he went to Cold Palace to accept the benefits of being the Guardian. Jadeskin leveled up quickly. It would definitely reach Duke in two years.

It was difficult to level up any geno art from Marquise to Duke. Even if there was an abundance of resources available, it would still take a while. Higher races could usually become Dukes within the space often years. If a race was of poor quality, though, they could end up taking an entire century.

Han Sen was only progressing so quickly because he could absorb the deified toad’s force of ice. Such an opportunity was extremely rare.

Han Sen wasn’t too worried about his Jadeskin, but he was concerned about how things would go with The Story of Genes. There were no special resources for him to consume, so all he could do was slowly practice it by himself. And despite his efforts, he couldn’t feel The Story of Genes improving.

Han Sen paid attention to what happened after the Destroyed Bible incident. And just as he thought, the searching races eventually found those shapeshifting foxes and confirmed that the Destroyed Bible had been taken by one of the Extreme King. After learning that, no one dared to continue the investigation. Even the Destroyed weren’t brave enough to ask the Extreme King for the Bible.

Han Sen thought there might be some trouble, but the entire matter just came to an end. It was as if the Destroyed came to terms with the loss of their deified artifact, and that was that.

“It looks like I underestimated the effect the Extreme King have on people. They don’t even dare bark.” Han Sen rolled his eyes.

It looked like that unlucky Extreme King woman had become the perfect scapegoat for the affair. But Han Sen knew he had to be extra careful to avoid giving the Extreme King any hint that Han Sen was actually Dollar.