Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3144 Annihilation God Base

Super God Spirit mode was activated. A scary power suddenly tore through the rules of the world. It made Han Sen feel like a god as he glowed with a white flame.

“How is that possible... Is that presence...” Decapitation Queen’s face froze in shock.

Han Sen had no time to listen to her gibberish. He was able to break the rules of the world, but his time was limited while doing that. If it was not for this being a critical moment, he would not have used that power. If he had already followed through with the rule-breaking, he knew he had to end the fight as soon as possible. Otherwise, his power would be exhausted. Encountering an enemy in that state could have spelled his doom.

Han Sen’s body went through the guillotine’s self-exploding scary power. He didn’t incur any explosive damage. It was like the purple and black flames and evil spirits were nothing to him.

Suddenly, Han Sen was in front of the doll. He put his hand on the doll’s head.

Pang!

Han Sen slapped the doll’s head. The head turned into dust along with the rest of its body.

The power of his Super God Spirit mode was obscenely powerful. Even an Annihilation God Spirit had no hope of surviving its wrath. It was completely obliterated.

Li Bing Yu and Bald Guy witnessed the guillotine’s self-exploding explosion mixed in with the glow of Han Sen’s light. He ignored the scary powers that challenged him and slapped the doll, which broke it.

Although Li Bing Yu thought highly of Han Sen, she never thought Han Sen was able to kill a member of the God Chaos Party.

Although members of the God Chaos Party were not God Spirits, they were actually scarier than God Spirits. They wielded the powers of God Spirits and were like God Spirits in the way they could infinitely respawn. Yet, they were not like God Spirits in that they didn’t play by the rules.

Something scary like that had been blown up by Han Sen with just one hand. How terrifying was that?

Li Bing Yu thought, “It looks like he must have an Annihilation God Spirit Blood-Pulse. If he didn’t, there is no way he could have killed the Decapitation Queen.”

The destroyed Decapitation Queen and guillotine did not disappear. They gathered up on the god altar and returned to life.

“That is a strong power! It looks like you have an Annihilation God Spirit Blood-Pulse. It is a shame that no matter how strong you are, it won’t work on me. I am going to eat you and that small flying fish for dinner to level up to that highest Reboot class.” Decapitation Queen screamed and laughed weirdly before using her strength to lift the blade.

Han Sen frowned. He fell back and exited the god temple. “Are you running now? Don’t you think it is too late?” Decapitation Queen coldly laughed. Her body blazed with purple fire.

Han Sen did not run far. He stood in front of the god temple. He looked at Decapitation Queen and replied, “Who said I was running? If this god temple gives you immortality, I will destroy the temple to stop that.”

Decapitation Queen looked as if she had just heard a joke. Her doll-like jaw kept shaking. “Ha! Ha! You want to destroy the god temple? Did you know that god temples are indestructible? It is an Annihilation-class god temple. Even if a Reboot God Spirit came, it would not be able to destroy this place.” “Really?” Han Sen did not have time to talk to her. He exploded with his Super God Spirit mode. At the same time, he cast the strongest skill of the Dongxuan Sutra. It was called Super Spank.

Han Sen slapped the sides of the god temple. The entire god temple seemed to shiver and shake because of it.

By the time Decapitation Queen realized that, Han Sen was back on the god temple’s stone steps.

“Doesn’t it work?” Bald Guy sighed. He had never heard of anyone being able to destroy a god temple.

Decapitation Queen noticed her god temple was in tip-top condition. The door had not been damaged. She laughed even harder. “Crazy and ignorant fool. You cannot... The god temple...”

Ca

Pang!

The entire god temple shattered. It was like it was split up and forced to become a point of light.

The god pillars broke, and the god altar crumbled. The guillotine was wrecked. The entire god temple was dissolving.

Decapitation Queen was scared as she screamed, “No... Impossible... I am an immortal God... Spirit...” Before she could finish, her body fizzled away.

In the blink of an eye, the god temple was destroyed. It was suddenly rendered into nothing.

Ding!

There was a crunching sound. Something had made itself known in the broken god temple. Han Sen’s power was unable to destroy it, so it fell into the lake.

“Killed God Spirit gene race: Decapitation Queen. Found an Annihilation-class god base.”

Han Sen reached out his hand to pick up the item that had fallen from the destroyed god temple. It was a cube made of wood. It was like a Rubik’s cube, but it could not be spun around. It looked very old. It had some weird, old symbols on it. One side displayed a carving of the guillotine and Decapitation Queen.

Li Bing Yu and Bald Guy looked at Han Sen standing on the lake. They were in awe. They could not get their minds straight. Han Sen had just managed to destroy a god temple. Not only was that unbelievable, but it also made their minds blank and unable to focus.

In that universe of kingdoms and the hearts of humans, the God Spirits were supreme. A god temple was what stood for a god. They had never heard of a human being able to destroy a god temple before. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Even in mythology, humans were only able to replace a God Spirit’s spot and guard the god temple by becoming a God Spirit themselves. They had never heard of a god temple being destroyed.

Now, it was something that had happened right in front of them.

Li Bing Yu felt a chill run down her spine. She wanted to use Han Sen to get close to Crown Prince Qin Bai and destroy the last of the Qin Kingdom’s royal bloodline. Now, she had found out the person she had been following around was far scarier than the Qin Kingdom’s king. He had the potential to change the entire universe.

After Han Sen destroyed the god temple, he put away his power. He felt very tired. He felt as if he might pass out.

Breaking the world’s rules cost too much power. Now, Han Sen was unable to do battle against another God Spirit or God Spirit gene race.

Han Sen’s thoughts roamed. Suddenly, the space around the area moved. The presence of a scary God Spirit was fast approaching. Han Sen had a wry smile as he said, “The good hasn’t come. Only the bad has. I hope this is not Decapitation Queen’s friend.”

The scary power was not just something a God Spirit could have. With Han Sen’s body being what it was, he could not fight as he had earlier.

Bald Guy’s reactions were a bit slow. He did not notice anything, but Li Bing Yu could already tell the atmosphere was shifting. Her face morphed along with it.

Boom! Boom!

The space around them shook. A god temple burst into formation as it descended.

The god temple’s atmosphere was scary, and its power was almighty. This was not an ordinary god temple. It was likely an Annihilation-class god temple.

Li Bing Yu was shocked. While she had seen 12 Annihilation-class god temples before, she had never seen this one. It meant this god temple might have been one owned by the God Chaos Party.