Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3208 Destiny Well

Jade Wall City really was like a jade wall. A flat circle with an empty circle was at its center. The empty part in the center had a manmade planet. That was where the Qin Kingdom’s alpha temple resided.

The sacrificial procedure was a very complex affair. Fortunately, Han Sen and Bao’er were prepared. He had copied the memories of the two servants and used their memories. So far, nothing had gone awry.

Han Sen and Bao’er, one on the left and one on the right, followed Crown Prince Qin Bai. They kneeled in front of the alpha’s statue for three hours. The ritual had yet to come to an end.

Han Sen swiped a peek at the alpha statue and acknowledged that it was Qin Xiu’s face. It made Han Sen feel weird. “If, in the geno universe, it was World King God who was killed, why did World King God look exactly like Qin Xiu?”

He could not be bothered thinking about this, so he had a gander at the left side of the hall. He did not see anything. In a place like that, he did not dare use power to observe. He did not want the jig to be up.

Han Sen now understood why Qin Bai did not like performing the sacrifice. No one wanted to kneel there for half a day and listen to random chanting no one could understand. They also were doing non-stop kowtowing and bowing. Han Sen calculated that they had already kowtowed 30 times since they had started. If it was not for Destiny Well, Han Sen would have left.

It was not easy finishing the sacrifice for the alpha. Next, they had to pay their respect to all the kings in the side halls. Although he knew how to do it, it was extremely boring when he did it.

The Qin Kingdom King led the royals and officers to kowtow before all the kings. They kept doing it until even Han Sen started to feel dizzy. “How many kings does the Qin Kingdom have? If we keep kowtowing like this, when is it going to be over?” Han Sen looked at the monuments of the kings. He could not even count how many were there. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Still, they kowtowed to all of them. If they really did go kowtowing to all of them, their heads would probably break before the end.

Han Sen thought, “A family that has run for this long is not a good thing. This is just more and more troubling for your descendants.”

It was not easy kowtowing to all the kings. It was eventually midnight. Han Sen remembered they had arrived there earlier in the day. It had all been a mixture of kneeling or kowtowing up until now.

“Finally, we are going to see Destiny Well.” Han Sen let out a long sigh. Bao’er did the same. They had lived for many years, but they had never before been forced to kowtow this much.

When they visited Destiny Well, every officer exited. Even the royals remained outside the alpha temple. The current king’s close relatives could pay their respects there.

Even Qin Jingzhen’s daughter had to wait outside. She kneeled outside.

The king only had Qin Bai as his sole son. Qin Bai had yet to marry. In the end, it was only Qin Jingzhen and Qin Bai going to the side hall to visit Destiny Well. The others around were the priests in charge and the servants next to Qin Bai. They were, of course, Han Sen and Bao’er.

Han Sen was finally able to see the legendary Destiny Well. It was different from what he had expected it to be. Destiny Well did not exude a royal feeling. It was just an old well-built from stone. The stones that composed the inside of the well had been there for a long time. They were all smooth and silky. It was like people had ground them.

Just as Qin Bai said, only the words “Destiny Well” were written on the octagon-shaped well. Those two words were very familiar to Han Sen. It looked like it was done with Qin Xiu’s handwriting. It definitely belonged to Qin Xiu.

What they were doing now was different from the sacrificial ceremony of earlier. After Qin Jingzhen and Qin Bai arrived, they were not in any rush to kowtow. They kneeled in front of the well waiting for something.

Han Sen and Bao’er, one on the left and one on the right, kneeled behind Qin Bai. The two of them saw the two servant’s memory and knew they only started the sacrifice after midnight. One of the reasons the ritual was so long was because they had to wait to come to the Destiny Well.

There were only five minutes to go before it was midnight. Han Sen was unable to do anything except patiently wait. Qin Bai was usually very loud. Throughout the whole day, he had not said anything. He did exactly as he was told and did not speak a single word. Han Sen thought he must have been told off before or something.

Han Sen did not see anything special about that Destiny Well. He felt sad. “Do I have to wait until midnight to see what is inside the well?”

It was very hard to muster the patience to wait five minutes until it was midnight. Finally, the priest hosting the simple ceremony arrived.

Compared to the complicated ceremony earlier, the ritual for the Destiny Well was easy. Qin Jingzhen and Qin Bai, the father and the son, burned some incense sticks and started to pray. They bowed three times, then it was done.

At least, Han Sen thought it was done. It made him disappointed because he had not been able to see anything special about Destiny Well.

The ritual had actually not ended yet. As the priest set things up, Qin Jingzhen grabbed a sacrificial knife, cut his finger, and dribbled some blood into the well.

Qin Jingzhen dropped some blood into the well. The quiet well was like a cauldron. It kept making strange “goo-dong, goo-dong” sounds. It was like water boiling.

Han Sen was shocked. The priest and Qin Jing Zhen were shocked too, but neither of them moved. They stood where they were staring at the old well. The sounds coming from the well were very loud. Not long after, the old well’s black chains started to shake and make “wa-la, wa-la” sounds.

The chains were thicker than the arm of an adult. They rattled against the stone well. They soon went into the well. They kept making their “wa-la, wa-la” sounds. The chains were straightened. It was like something was pulling them down from below.

Han Sen frowned. He had heard the legends about these chains from Qin Bai. He had been told that they were there to chain up a god beast that was able to suppress kingdoms. With that god beast being suppressed inside the well, the Qin Kingdom’s luck would remain. The Qin Kingdom would not die.

Qin Bai had not told Han Sen that it would move. He looked at Qin Bai, whose face did not look good. He was scared. He did not know there would be movement either.

The big priest looked happy and said, “Mister, I think the alpha’s prophecy is coming true.” “Really?” Qin Jingzhen looked happy too.

With a look of excitement, the priest said, “The well’s water is thrashing. The chains of destiny are moving. This is the alpha king’s sign of prophecy.” He brought in the other priests and servants to kowtow near the Destiny Well. Suddenly, there was a “ding” sound. The chains, which were as thick as an adult’s arm, broke off the well. The entire chain fell into the well. In the next moment, the well erupted like a volcano. A lot of well water rushed out. The well water was scary. It was red. Lots of well water spilled out, hitting the ceiling to create a sky full of blood rain.