Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3237 Demon God Sword Spirit

“You should die for humiliating the Qin family. Not even the king can protect your precious asshole in this place.” Qin Yuan looked murderous. He really wanted Han Sen dead.

Han Sen was a famous, evil officer. He was the person most favored by the crown prince, and that was already more than enough to place him squarely in Qin Yuan’s bad books.

Now, Han Sen was trying to trick Qin Jing Zhen and take the Mirror Moon candle for himself. He also wanted to get his hands on the dark big evil dragon king. He had to die for these transgressions. Before Han Sen could say a word, Qin Yuan’s right finger flickered. A scary and invisible sword air went straight for Han Sen’s chest. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Qin Yuan’s practice was very scary. To live as long as he had was unnatural. He and Jian Bu Gu had both studied with the sword, but he had been famous well before Jian Bu Gu. He was an invincible swordsman in the eyes of the Qin Kingdom.

Furthermore, the Qin family’s butler, An Yang Ting, was in charge of safeguarding the Qin family’s bloodline. He had killed many scary elites. Whoever saw his invisible sword was doomed. Even a king might not have survived such an encounter.

In fact, Qin Yuan had assassinated the king of another kingdom. There used to be a kingdom called the Yue Kingdom. Qin Yuan killed the king, and the kingdom collapsed soon after.

Many of the people killed by the invisible sword were powerful kingdom elites and people who had powerful God Spirit gene races.

To other kingdoms, the Qin Kingdom’s An Yang Ting and Qin Yuan were scarier than Qin Jing Zhen who was the actual king.

The main feature of the invisible sword was that it was invisible. People were never too certain of the way they died. Qin Yuan used his invisible sword for an obvious purpose. He wished to kill Han Sen.

Han Sen was suppressed by the rules of the universe of kingdoms. He could not use his primary Dongxuan Sutra, and the reverse Dongxuan Sutra did not have the power that enabled him to peep into the workings of the world. Thus, he did not detect the invisible sword air that was thirsty for him.

Seeing the sword air already strike Han Sen on his wound, Qin Yuan coldly laughed. “You’re just an evil officer and nothing more. Here he was trying to take my Qin family’s Mirror Moon’s gene race. You really did have to die for this.”

In the next second, Qin Yuan’s face looked glum. The invisible sword touched Han Sen’s clothes, but his body was pushed away by the sword air. He did not get killed by the invisible sword. He was also not injured by it.

“You and I have no prior grudge, yet you want to kill me.” Han Sen did not want to kill the people of the Qin Kingdom. He definitely did not want to kill people from the Qin family.

After all, Qin Bai was always nice to him. Qin Yuan should have been trying to help Qin Bai. When Qin Yuan was being mean to him, he did not care.

“You should die.” Qin Yuan was already making another move. He was no longer afraid. His body’s God Spirit Blood – Pulse exploded. It was like a rare demon sword releasing a sword mind that was unleashed upon the sky.

The scary sword mind made the whole of Jade Wall City’s weapons moan and groan. They shivered and shook as if they were afraid.

Qin Yuan didn’t just have the Qin family’s Annihilation God Spirit Blood-Pulse. He also had an Annihilation God Spirit Blood – Pulse gene race, Demon God Sword Spirit. His invisible sword was based on the power of the Demon God Sword Spirit. A geno art was birthed out of it.

Now, the Demon God Sword Spirit had combined with him. It unleashed all of his power. Qin Yuan waved his finger and summoned a sword air that shocked the sky. It was like a rainstorm of swords heading for Han Sen.

“Old Alpha’s Demon God Sword Spirit! This is going in the direction of Candle Garden. He wants to kill Han Sen.” Qin Jing Zhen’s face looked terrible. He angrily slammed the table. It disrupted his wounds and made him cough up some blood.

Qin Jing Zhen really hoped Han Sen could help extend his life. It was fine if Qin Yuan was not willing to give the dark big evil dragon king to Han Sen. That was the Qin Kingdom’s suppressing gene race. Qin Jing Zhen understood his reasoning behind that.

Now, Qin Yuan was going to try and murder Han Sen near the Candle Garden. It was like he was killing him too.

“Qin Yuan, I am currently the Qin Kingdom’s king is, not you. How dare you ignore my command? If I do not kill you, I cannot be the king.” Qin Jing Zhen looked murderous. He was furious about the situation.

Qin Yuan did not care for his opinion. He did not care about Qin Bai either. Qin Jing Zhen was afraid that if he died, Qin Bai would end up like a puppet on the throne.

Killing Qin Yuan, however, was difficult. He was the leader of An Yang Ting. He had the scary powers of the Qin family. With Qin Yuan’s power, the Qin Kingdom did not have someone sufficiently strong enough to oppose them.

If Jian Bu Gu was not willing to fight, it was hopeless. He was one of the few people who could fight Qin Yuan, but Jian Bu Gu had made a promise not to fight. It was impossible to ask him to kill Qin Yuan.

Qin Jing Zhen’s heart was full of ire. He gnashed his teeth, wanting to skin Qin Yuan alive. But he could not make such a command.

Qin Jing Zhen suddenly hated the law. If there was no law, the Qin Kingdom’s kingly power would not be so scattered. He would not have been so helpless when it came to dealing with Qin Yuan.

“If I am a king who cannot do anything, then what is the point of me being king? It is no wonder so many kings are willing to earn a bad reputation by becoming a tyrant. I want to be a tyrant too. I want to give my son the throne of a supreme king,” Qin Jing Zhen roared. He could not speak. He was depressed. He spat out more blood. His wounds were getting worse.

Before the endless amount of sword air that swirled around the Candle Garden touched down on Han Sen, his body started to move.

Han Sen’s body was swift. He was like the branches of a willow tree. He looked very soft as if he had no power, yet he managed to dodge everything. Not a single stroke of sword air could hurt his body.

He did not need his Break World power for this. With his combat power, it was already hard for Han Sen to find an opponent. He simply used his basic reactions, and the sword airs were unable to hurt him.

Qin Yuan’s face changed. He never expected anyone could ever have the reaction times needed to dodge his sword air attacks. Something like this had never happened before.

Han Sen looked at Qin Yuan as he continued to walk forward. His body kept moving. When the sword air was around him, it went back to Qin Yuan.

Qin Yuan pushed his invisible swords to the max, but they could not even brush against Han Sen’s clothes. They could not prohibit Han Sen’s slow advance.

“It is no wonder he is so ignorant. He has what it takes. It is a shame you cannot fight me. You have the power that can take you into the sky, but I will still kill you.” Qin Yuan’s eyes looked to be burning even brighter. The invisible sword air became visible. Two weird powers crossed his body. They started to compose a sword and become a solid Break World power.

When the sword was formed, the whole of Jade Wall City’s weapons emerged from their scabbards. The sword-element gene races all started to moan and groan. They were angry and restless. It was like they were going to come out of their God Spirit marks and fight.

“Demon God Spirit Sword... What happened here? Who is An Yang Ting, that monster, fighting? He is using a Break World power.” All around Jade Wall City, all the elites looked toward the palace, which looked weird.